Lancaster Colony Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Results WESTERVILLE, Ohio, Aug. 27, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Lancaster Colony Corporation (Nasdaq: LANC) today reported results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended June 30, 2020. Highlights are as follows: Fourth Quarter Results Consolidated net sales declined 0.9% to $320.9 million versus $323.7 million last year. Excluding all sales attributed to a temporary supply agreement resulting from the November 16, 2018 acquisition of Omni Baking Company, consolidated net sales increased 0.7%. Retail net sales surged 24.5% to a record $192.4 million as the impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak drove higher demand for at-home food consumption. The increase in Retail net sales was led by frozen garlic bread, Olive Garden dressings sold under a license agreement and frozen dinner rolls. The segment's results also benefited from recent introductions of new products sold under license agreements, including an expanded offering of single-bottle Buffalo Wild Wings sauces and a regional pilot test for Chick-fil-A sauces. Foodservice net sales declined 24.1% to $128.4 million as foodservice channel demand was unfavorably influenced by the impacts of COVID-19. After a very slow start in April, consumer demand at quick-service restaurants made a strong recovery in May and June, and sales for other restaurants also improved notably throughout the quarter. Consolidated gross profit improved $10.9 million, or 13.9%, to $89.1 million driven by the favorable sales mix shift to Retail, our cost savings programs and improved net price realization in Retail. The gross profit results were unfavorably impacted by costs related to COVID-19, including increased hourly wage rates for our front-line employees along with the effect of lower Foodservice volumes and reduced operating efficiencies as our factories and distribution centers adopted guidelines and implemented protocols provided by government health authorities to promote safe operations. SG&A expenses rose $8.9 million, principally driven by a $3.8 million increase in expenditures for Project Ascent in support of our ERP project and related initiatives in addition to costs attributed to the impacts of COVID-19, including a write-off of engineering expenses for a dressing plant expansion project. Shifts in demand between our Retail and Foodservice segments led us to cancel the expansion project, and we are now evaluating alternative investments that best align with the future needs and growth opportunities for our dressing and sauce products. The prior year's change in contingent consideration included the favorable impact of a non-cash reduction to the contingent consideration for Angelic Bakehouse, Inc. ("AB Adjustment") in the amount of $7.4 million. Consolidated operating income declined $3.1 million to $40.2 million as influenced by the favorable AB adjustment in the prior-year quarter, costs related to the COVID-19 outbreak and increased expenses for Project Ascent, partially offset by the improved top-line performance of the Retail segment and benefits from our cost savings programs. Retail segment operating income increased $6.5 million, or 20.1%, to $38.8 million driven by the significantly higher sales volumes. The Retail segment operating income in the prior-year quarter included the favorable impact of the $7.4 million AB Adjustment. Foodservice segment operating income declined $8.3 million, or 45.3%, to $10.1 million primarily due to the notable decline in Foodservice sales, the write-off of engineering expenses resulting from the cancelation of the dressing plant expansion project, lower factory overhead absorption and higher operating costs resulting from the impacts of COVID-19. Net income declined $2.6 million to $30.4 million. Expenditures for Project Ascent reduced net income by $4.2 million this year compared to $1.4 million last year. The favorable AB Adjustment increased net income in the prior-year quarter by $5.7 million. Net income per diluted share decreased $0.10 to $1.10. Expenditures for Project Ascent reduced net income per diluted share by $0.15 this year versus $0.05 last year. In the prior-year quarter, the favorable AB Adjustment increased net income per diluted share by $0.21. The regular quarterly cash dividend paid on June 30, 2020 was maintained at the higher amount of $0.70 per share set in November 2019. Fiscal Year Results Consolidated net sales increased 2.0% to a fiscal year record $1,334 million versus $1,308 million last year. Retail net sales increased 8.8% to $714.1 million as higher retail channel demand attributed to the impacts of COVID-19 and contributions from shelf-stable dressings and sauces sold under license agreements, including new product introductions, drove Retail sales gains. Higher sales volumes for frozen garlic bread and frozen dinner rolls, along with some beneficial net price realization, also added to the growth in Retail net sales. Foodservice net sales decreased 4.7% to $620.3 million. After growth of 7.2% in the first half of the fiscal year, Foodservice net sales declined 16.1% in the second half as consumer demand shifted away from the foodservice channel due primarily to the impacts of COVID-19. Excluding all sales resulting from the November 16, 2018 acquisition of Omni Baking Company, Foodservice net sales declined 5.3%. Omni Baking sales attributed to a temporary supply agreement totaled $22.3 million in the current fiscal year versus $19.4 million last year. Consolidated gross profit increased $31.8 million, or 9.8%, to $358.0 million driven by the higher sales volumes in Retail, our cost savings programs, including continued contributions from our strategic procurement and transportation management initiatives, improved net price realization and lower commodity costs. Offsets to gross profit growth included higher manufacturing costs and other expenses resulting from the impacts of COVID-19. SG&A expenses rose $31.1 million to $180.9 million as expenditures for Project Ascent increased $16.3 million to $18.0 million. Investments in technology and IT infrastructure, the write-off for the canceled dressing plant expansion project and other expenses attributed to the impacts of COVID-19, and a higher level of consumer promotional spending also contributed to the rise in SG&A expenses. The prior year's change in contingent consideration included a favorable AB Adjustment of $17.1 million. Consolidated operating income declined $15.0 million to $175.9 million driven by the impact of the prior year's favorable AB adjustment, increased expenditures for Project Ascent, higher costs attributed to the impacts of COVID-19 and increased investments in technology and IT infrastructure partially offset by the more favorable sales mix, our cost savings programs, improved net price realization and lower commodity costs. Net income declined $13.6 million to $137.0 million. Expenditures for Project Ascent reduced net income by $13.7 million this year compared to $1.4 million last year. Last year's favorable AB Adjustment increased net income by $13.1 million. Net income per diluted share was $4.97 compared to $5.46 last year. Expenditures for Project Ascent reduced net income per diluted share by $0.50 in the current fiscal year versus $0.05 last year. Last year's favorable AB Adjustment increased net income per diluted share by $0.48. The regular quarterly cash dividend was increased for the 57th consecutive year. The company's balance sheet remained strong, with no debt outstanding and over $198 million in cash and equivalents as of June 30, 2020. Fiscal 2020 Commentary CEO David A. Ciesinski stated, "I would first of all like to thank the entire Lancaster Colony team for the tremendous effort they have put forth and the resilience they have shown through this most challenging and unprecedented time as we confront the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. From the front-line workers at our plants and distribution centers to the leaders throughout our business, I am extremely proud of the way we have collectively pulled together to meet the shifting demands of our Retail and Foodservice customers while staying true to our top priority, the health, safety and welfare of our team members." "We were very pleased to finish the fiscal year with record sales in the Retail segment, positive momentum in the Foodservice segment and record gross profit. Despite all the challenges imposed by the impacts of COVID-19, our supply chain team navigated through the shifts in demand with safe operations and continued to deliver cost savings as we completed the fiscal year." Fiscal 2021 Outlook Mr. Ciesinski continued, "Looking ahead to fiscal 2021, Retail sales will continue to benefit from the growth in shelf-stable dressings and sauces sold under license agreements, including sales gains for Chick-fil-A sauces beyond the successful pilot test, expanded distribution of Buffalo Wild Wings sauces in single bottles and added growth in the dollar and value channels for Olive Garden dressings. We also anticipate sales for both our Retail and Foodservice segments will continue to be impacted by the shifts in consumer demand resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the extent to which is unpredictable and contingent upon the future spread or control of COVID-19 and the resulting effects on consumer behavior." "Based on our current assessment, following a year in which overall commodity costs were notably favorable, we anticipate a rise in commodity costs for fiscal 2021. The cost savings programs currently underway or planned for implementation by our supply chain team, in addition to favorable net price realization, will help to offset increased commodity costs in the coming year. We will also continue to make the necessary investments to help protect the health and safety of all our team members and follow the guidelines of government health authorities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic." Conference Call on the Web The company's fourth quarter and fiscal year-end conference call is scheduled for this morning, August 27, at 10:00 a.m. ET. You may access a live webcast of the call through a link on the company's Internet home page at www.lancastercolony.com. A replay of the webcast will also be made available on the company website. About the Company Lancaster Colony Corporation is a manufacturer and marketer of specialty food products for the retail and foodservice channels. Forward-Looking Statements We desire to take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the "PSLRA"). This news release contains various "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the PSLRA and other applicable securities laws. Such statements can be identified by the use of the forward-looking words "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "believe," "intend," "plan," "expect," "hope" or similar words. These statements discuss future expectations; contain projections regarding future developments, operations or financial conditions; or state other forward-looking information. Such statements are based upon assumptions and assessments made by us in light of our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments; and other factors we believe to be appropriate. These forward-looking statements involve various important risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and could be amplified by the COVID-19 pandemic, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Some of the key factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements include: significant shifts in consumer demand and disruptions to our employees, communities, customers, supply chains, operations, and production processes resulting from COVID-19 and other epidemics, pandemics or similar widespread public health concerns and disease outbreaks; efficiencies in plant operations; dependence on contract manufacturers, distributors and freight transporters, including their financial strength in continuing to support our business; fluctuations in the cost and availability of ingredients and packaging; the potential for loss of larger programs or key customer relationships; capacity constraints that may affect our ability to meet demand or may increase our costs; changes in demand for our products, which may result from loss of brand reputation or customer goodwill; difficulties in designing and implementing our new enterprise resource planning system; cyber-security incidents, information technology disruptions, and data breaches; ability to successfully grow recently acquired businesses; the extent to which recent and future business acquisitions are completed and acceptably integrated; price and product competition; the lack of market acceptance of new products; the success and cost of new product development efforts; the impact of customer store brands on our branded retail volumes; the reaction of customers or consumers to price increases we may implement; adverse changes in freight, energy or other costs of producing, distributing or transporting our products; stability of labor relations; dependence on key personnel and changes in key personnel; the effect of consolidation of customers within key market channels; the impact of fluctuations in our pension plan asset values on funding levels, contributions required and benefit costs; the possible occurrence of product recalls or other defective or mislabeled product costs; maintenance of competitive position with respect to other manufacturers; changes in estimates in critical accounting judgments; the impact of any regulatory matters affecting our food business, including any required labeling changes and their impact on consumer demand; the outcome of any litigation or arbitration; adequate supply of skilled labor; and risks related to other factors described under "Risk Factors" in other reports and statements filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (available at www.sec.gov). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update such forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Management believes these forward-looking statements to be reasonable; however, you should not place undue reliance on statements that are based on current expectations. LANCASTER COLONY CORPORATIONCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited)(In thousands except per-share amounts) Three Months Ended June 30, Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net sales $ 320,854 $ 323,670 $ 1,334,388 $ 1,307,787 Cost of sales 231,777 245,460 976,352 981,589 Gross profit 89,077 78,210 358,036 326,198 Selling, general & administrative expenses 48,836 39,909 180,945 149,811 Change in contingent consideration 65 (6,663) 257 (16,180) Restructuring and impairment charges 1,643 886 1,643 Operating income 40,176 43,321 175,948 190,924 Other, net 98 936 3,129 4,618 Income before income taxes 40,274 44,257 179,077 195,542 Taxes based on income 9,889 11,247 42,094 44,993 Net income $ 30,385 $ 33,010 $ 136,983 $ 150,549 Net income per common share: (a) Basic $ 1.10 $ 1.20 $ 4.98 $ 5.48 Diluted $ 1.10 $ 1.20 $ 4.97 $ 5.46 Cash dividends per common share $ 0.70 $ 0.65 $ 2.75 $ 2.55 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 27,449 27,444 27,448 27,438 Diluted 27,478 27,520 27,496 27,537 (a) Based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during each period. LANCASTER COLONY CORPORATIONBUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION (Unaudited)(In thousands) Three Months Ended June 30, Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 NET SALES Retail $ 192,426 $ 154,533 $ 714,127 $ 656,621 Foodservice 128,428 169,137 620,261 651,166 Total Net Sales $ 320,854 $ 323,670 $ 1,334,388 $ 1,307,787 OPERATING INCOME Retail $ 38,761 $ 32,278 $ 142,822 $ 135,093 Foodservice 10,090 18,438 66,480 73,828 Restructuring and Impairment Charges (1,643) (886) (1,643) Corporate Expenses (8,675) (5,752) (32,468) (16,354) Total Operating Income $ 40,176 $ 43,321 $ 175,948 $ 190,924 LANCASTER COLONY CORPORATIONCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited)(In thousands) June 30,2020 June 30,2019 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and equivalents $ 198,273 $ 196,288 Receivables 86,604 75,691 Inventories 85,048 86,072 Other current assets 15,687 10,518 Total current assets 385,612 368,569 Net property, plant and equipment 293,288 247,044 Other assets 314,453 289,786 Total assets $ 993,353 $ 905,399 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 71,433 $ 76,670 Accrued liabilities 54,826 43,036 Total current liabilities 126,259 119,706 Noncurrent liabilities and deferred income taxes 83,794 58,820 Shareholders' equity 783,300 726,873 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 993,353 $ 905,399 SOURCE Lancaster Colony Corporation Related Links http://www.lancastercolony.com

Uniti Group Inc. Comments on Mediation with Windstream and Files Objection to UMB and U.S. Bank Allegations LITTLE ROCK, Ark., July 22, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Uniti Group Inc. ( Uniti ) (Nasdaq: UNIT) issued a statement today in response to the motion filed by Windstream on July 12, 2019 seeking appointment of a mediator to oversee negotiations with Uniti, and in response to other motions in the bankruptcy cases of Windstream Holdings and its subsidiaries (collectively, Windstream ). Kenny Gunderman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Uniti, commented, Uniti is encouraged by the continued efforts to reach a mutually beneficial outcome between Windstream and Uniti. We remain focused on serving the interests of our stakeholders first, while also remaining hopeful that Windstream will emerge with an improved business. On July 19, 2019, Uniti filed an objection (the Objection ) in response to the motion filed in the Windstream bankruptcy cases by UMB Bank, National Association ( UMB ) and U.S. Bank National Association ( U.S. Bank ), as indenture trustees for certain unsecured notes issued by certain of Windstream Holdings subsidiaries. The Objection also responded to various similar claims and allegations raised in the motion filed by Windstream s unsecured creditors committee (the UCC ). Uniti believes both pleadings contain major factual and legal flaws and inconsistencies. Under appropriate legal tests, Uniti is confident the master lease is a true lease," and every serious analysis of it ever performed by specialists has reached that conclusion. Uniti is confident that a careful examination of the evidence (including many of the very documents cited by UMB, U.S. Bank, and the UCC) will confirm that the master lease is a true lease, as it was asserted to be by Windstream and its advisors when it was executed. To access the filing in its entirety, please visit the following link: http://www.kccllc.net/windstream/document/1922312190719000000000055 ABOUT UNITI Uniti, an internally managed real estate investment trust, is engaged in the acquisition and construction of mission critical communications infrastructure, and is a leading provider of wireless infrastructure solutions for the communications industry. As of March 31, 2019, Uniti owns 5.6 million fiber strand miles, approximately 500 wireless towers, and other communications real estate throughout the United States. Additional information about Uniti can be found on its website at www.uniti.com . FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended from time to time. Those forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical statements of fact including those regarding Uniti s comments on UMB, U.S. Bank, and the UCC s allegations in Windstream s bankruptcy case, and expectations regarding treatment of the master lease in the Windstream bankruptcy case. Words such as anticipate(s), expect(s), intend(s), estimate(s), foresee(s), plan(s), believe(s), may, will, would, could, should, seek(s) and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could lead to actual results differing materially from those projected, forecasted or expected. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be attained. Factors which could materially alter our expectations include, but are not limited to, the risks associated with the Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings involving Windstream Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries that could adversely affect us; potential for litigation and demands against us by Windstream and/or their creditors; and additional factors described in our reports filed with the SEC. Uniti expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any of the forward-looking statements set forth in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based. INVESTOR AND MEDIA CONTACTS: Mark A. Wallace, 501-850-0866 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer mark.wallace@uniti.com

Taylor Devices Announces Record-Breaking Contract NORTH TONAWANDA, N.Y., July 13, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Taylor Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ SmallCap: TAYD) today announced receipt of a $7.5 million contract for the firm's seismic dampers being used for seismic protection of the San Francisco Oakland Bay Bridge, CA. This is the largest single contract received by the Company in its 63-year history. A total of 96 large dampers, will be used to absorb earthquake energy in the bridge. Due to significant changes in the requirements for these specialized devices, the Taylor Devices' seismic dampers that were originally installed in 2001 are now being replaced by upgraded devices. New and proprietary features that have recently been tested and qualified to meet specific requirements of the California State Department of Transportation (CalTrans) have been incorporated into the design. Taylor Devices' seismic dampers act like giant shock absorbers, using technology originally developed for NASA's Space Shuttle Program and which was commercialized by the Company in the early 1990's. The energy absorbed by each damper varies with the magnitude of shaking, minimizing loads transmitted to the bridge at all times. To date, more than 700 buildings and bridges worldwide are using Taylor Devices' products for seismic protection. More information is available at www.taylordevices.com and www.seismicdamper.com. Contact: Manny Agrapidis (212) 587-3005 SOURCE Taylor Devices, Inc. Related Links http://www.taylordevices.com

Quotient Ltd. Announces FDA Approval of Seven Additional Blood Bank Reagents Nasdaq:QTNT JERSEY, Channel Islands, May 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Quotient Limited (NASDAQ: QTNT), an established, commercial-stage diagnostics company (the Company), today announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the commercialization of seven additional blood bank reagents for extended antigen typing, completing the Company s core product offering to the US market. The new products are: Monoclonal Antisera ALBAclone Anti-K ALBAclone Anti-Fy a ALBAclone Anti-Jk a ALBAclone Anti-Jk b ALBAclone Anti-S ALBAclone Anti-s ALBAclone Anti-P1 In March 2018, seven Quotient reagents were also approved by the FDA, including two market firsts. Quotient has more than tripled our FDA approved product offering since coming directly to market in the U.S. We continue to be motivated to bring high-quality, customer-friendly products to the U.S. market, and are sincerely grateful to our customers for their ongoing support, said Bill Brady, VP US Commercial at Quotient. The expansion of our Alba by Quotient reagent product offering in the U.S. builds on our over 30 years of heritage in transfusion diagnostics. We aim to consistently deliver quality products and services to our customers while continuing the development of our innovative microarray multiplex technology, MosaiQ by Quotient, said Franz Walt, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. ALBAclone monoclonal antisera are used in the laboratory to detect the presence of specific antigens on patient and donor red blood cells. About Quotient Limited Building on 30 years of experience in transfusion diagnostics, Quotient is a commercial-stage diagnostics company committed to delivering solutions that reshape the way diagnostics is practiced. MosaiQ, Quotient s proprietary multiplex microarray technology, offers the world s first fully automated, consolidated testing platform, allowing for multiple tests across different modalities. MosaiQ is designed to be a game-changing solution, which Quotient believes will increase efficiencies, improve clinical practice, deliver significant workflow improvements, and operational cost savings to laboratories around the world. Quotient's operations are based in Eysins, Switzerland, Edinburgh, Scotland and Newtown, Pennsylvania Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may include statements regarding our expectations of continued growth, the development, regulatory approval, commercialization and impact of MosaiQ and other new products, current estimates of first quarter and full year FY19 operating results and expectations regarding our future funding sources. Such statements are based on current assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, include delays or denials of regulatory approvals or clearances for products or applications; market acceptance of our products; the impact of competition; the impact of facility expansions and expanded product development, clinical, sales and marketing activities on operating expenses; delays or other unforeseen problems with respect to manufacturing, product development or field trial studies; including risks and uncertainties associated with any variation between preliminary and final study results; adverse results in connection with any ongoing or future legal proceeding; continued or worsening adverse conditions in the general domestic and global economic markets; as well as the other risks set forth in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Quotient disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. The Quotient logo and MosaiQ are registered trademarks or trademarks of Quotient Limited and its subsidiaries in various jurisdictions. CONTACT: Chris Lindop, Chief Financial Officer chris.lindop@quotientbd.com; +41 799 61 69 38

Kratos Awarded $3 Million+ Contract for Aviation Trainer Enhancements by Australia Department of Defence Trainer Upgrades Advance Australia Defence Helicopter Aircrew Training Simulation Center SAN DIEGO, Dec. 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq: KTOS), a leading National Security Solutions provider, announced today that it was awarded a AUD $4,840,720.04 (approximately USD $3,300,000) contract by the Australia Department of Defence to deliver hardware, software and technical data package upgrades to their Kratos Maintenance Blended Reconfigurable Aviation Trainers (MBRATs) and CH-47F Chinook Avionics Trainer (CAT). The CH-47F CAT is a High Fidelity Hands On Training System (HOTS) that provides full-task training through simulation of all avionics sub-systems and aircraft survivability equipment in an integrated configuration within a fully immersive physical environment. The CH-47F MBRAT blends a virtual immersive environment and spatial physical awareness with established CH-47F Chinook simulation software. The enhanced MBRAT training capabilities enable the end user to increase student training throughput by enabling new training tasks to be performed on the upgraded MBRAT trainers and the CH-47F CAT simultaneously. The CAT and MBRATs have enabled the Australian Department of Defence to establish a local CH-47F Chinook maintenance training center of excellence for the Australian military. Previously, maintenance training had been conducted in the United States, but with Kratos MBRATs and CAT the Australian Defence Force (ADF) is now self-sufficient in this regard. As the global demand for training continues to increase, Kratos is expanding its training footprint to support the demanding and complex training requirements of the U.S. and its allies worldwide by applying advanced technologies like those incorporated in the MBRAT and CAT, said Jose Diaz, Senior Vice President of Kratos Training Solutions. Kratos develops advanced, affordable training solutions for U.S. and allied forces that enhance learning retention and increase warfighter readiness. Kratos is driving innovation in military simulation and training programs by integrating the latest immersive technologies with its blended learning content and open architecture simulation systems for air, ground, maritime and soon space domains. About Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTOS) develops and fields transformative, affordable technology, platforms and systems for United States National Security related customers, allies and commercial enterprises. Kratos is changing the way breakthrough technology for these industries are rapidly brought to market through proven commercial and venture capital backed approaches, including proactive research and streamlined development processes. Kratos specializes in unmanned systems, satellite communications, cyber security/warfare, microwave electronics, missile defense, hypersonic systems, training, combat systems and next generation turbo jet and turbo fan engine development. For more information go to www.KratosDefense.com . Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of Kratos and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Kratos undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although Kratos believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements involve many risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from what may be expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. For a further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the business of Kratos in general, see the risk disclosures in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kratos for the year ended December 30, 2018, and in subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and other filings made with the SEC by Kratos. Press Contact: Yolanda White 858-812-7302 Direct Investor Information: 877-934-4687 investor@kratosdefense.com A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/fadeea7b-38ef-4093-aeb7-08584ac48b50

Flowers Foods Increases Quarterly Dividend THOMASVILLE, Ga., May 21, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Flowers Foods, Inc. (NYSE: FLO), producer of Nature's Own, Dave's Killer Bread, Wonder, Tastykake, and other bakery foods, today announced that its board of directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.20 per share, an increase of 5.3% over the same quarter last year. This is the 71st consecutive quarterly dividend paid by the company and is payable on June 19, 2020 to shareholders of record on June 5, 2020. This action increases the annualized dividend rate to $0.80 per share from $0.76 per share at this time last year. "This dividend increase reflects the board's conviction in Flowers' ability to generate consistent results over time and throughout the business cycle," said Ryals McMullian, Flowers Foods president and CEO. "We will continue to allocate cash flow with a focus on maximizing return on invested capital and growing shareholder value. The dividend represents one piece of our capital allocation strategy, which also includes reinvesting in our business, share repurchases, and strategic acquisitions." Flowers' virtual annual shareholders meeting will be held today at 2:00 p.m. Eastern. Shareholders of record at the close of business on March 19, 2020 are eligible to attend the webcast and vote at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/FLO2020. To attend, shareholders must enter the 16-digit control number found on their proxy card, voting instruction form, or notice of internet availability of proxy materials previously received. About Flowers FoodsHeadquartered in Thomasville, Ga., Flowers Foods, Inc. (NYSE: FLO) is one of the largest producers of packaged bakery foods in the United States with 2019 sales of $4.1 billion. Flowers operates bakeries across the country that produce a wide range of bakery products. Among the company's top brands are Nature's Own, Dave's Killer Bread, Wonder, and Tastykake. Learn more at www.flowersfoods.com. FLO-DIV FLO-CORP Forward-Looking StatementsStatements contained in this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate to current expectations regarding our future financial condition, performance and results of operations and the ultimate impact of the novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic on our business, results of operations and financial condition, planned capital expenditures, long-term objectives of management, supply and demand, pricing trends and market forces, and integration plans and expected benefits of transactions and are often identified by the use of words and phrases such as "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," "should," "will," "would," "is likely to," "is expected to" or "will continue," or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Other factors that may cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements contained in this release and that may affect the company's prospects in general include, but are not limited to, (a) the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 outbreak and measures taken in response thereto on our business, results of operations and financial condition, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict, (b) general economic and business conditions and the competitive conditions in the baked foods industry, including promotional and price competition, (c) changes in consumer demand for our products, including changes in consumer behavior, trends and preferences, including health and whole grain trends, and the movement toward more inexpensive store-branded products, (d) the success of productivity improvements and new product introductions, (e) a significant reduction in business with any of our major customers including a reduction from adverse developments in any of our customer's business, (f) fluctuations in commodity pricing, (g) energy and raw material costs and availability and hedging and counterparty risk, (h) our ability to fully integrate recent acquisitions into our business, (i) our ability to achieve cash flow from capital expenditures and acquisitions and the availability of new acquisitions that build shareholder value, (j) our ability to successfully implement our business strategies, including those strategies the company has initiated under Project Centennial, which may involve, among other things, the integration of recent acquisitions or the acquisition or disposition of assets at presently targeted values, the deployment of new systems and technology and an enhanced organizational structure, (k) consolidation within the baking industry and related industries, (l) disruptions in our direct-store delivery system, including litigation or an adverse ruling from a court or regulatory or government body that could affect the independent contractor classification of our independent distributors, (m) increasing legal complexity and legal proceedings that we are or may become subject to, (n) product recalls or safety concerns related to our products, and (o) the failure of our information technology systems to perform adequately, including any interruptions, intrusions or security breaches of such systems. The foregoing list of important factors does not include all such factors, nor necessarily present them in order of importance. In addition, you should consult other public disclosures made by the company, including the risk factors included in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and disclosures made in other filings with the SEC and company press releases, for other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected by the company. We caution you not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, as they speak only as of the date made and are inherently uncertain. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise or update such statements, except as required by law. SOURCE Flowers Foods, Inc. Related Links http://www.flowersfoods.com

Leidos Awarded Contract to Support Army Aircraft Worldwide RESTON, Va., March 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Leidos (NYSE: LDOS), a FORTUNE 500 science and technology leader, has been awarded a contract by the U.S. Army Contracting Command-Redstone to provide aircraft logistics and maintenance in theaters of operations. The multiple award, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity, firm-fixed-price contract has a five-year base period of performance, one five-year option ordering period, and a total potential value of $25.5 billion. Work will be primarily be performed in Afghanistan and Greece in support of U.S. Army operations. Under the Worldwide Logistics Support Services Contractor Logistics Support contract, Leidos will provide services that support rotary-wing and fixed-wing aircraft across the globe for the U.S. Army's Multi-National Aviation Special Project Office. Support services include sustainment engineering, supply support, maintenance planning and management; furnishing or maintaining support equipment, aircraft modifications; manpower and personnel; facilities and infrastructure; packaging, handling, storage, and transportation. "Our company is a recognized leader in operations and logistics with a history of working on complex programs that support military missions worldwide," said Senior Vice President Kevin Lansdowne, Leidos Airborne Solutions. "We look forward to providing superior services that help the Army rapidly respond to the evolving needs of warfighters." About Leidos Leidos is a Fortune 500 information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 32,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 28, 2018, and other such filings that Leidos makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Contact: Melissa Koskovich Erin Tindell (571) 526-6850 (571) 526-6996 [email protected] [email protected] SOURCE Leidos Related Links http://www.leidos.com

KBR Awarded Pre-FEED Study Contract for Pacific Coast LNG Project HOUSTON, Feb. 28, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- KBR, Inc. (NYSE: KBR) announced today it has been awarded a pre Front End Engineering Design (Pre-FEED) contract by Mexico Pacific Limited (MPL) for a midscale LNG liquefaction project in Puerto Libertad on the Pacific coast of Mexico. Under the terms of the contract, KBR will provide a Pre-FEED and cost estimate for the project. This work will be performed by KBR utilizing the ConocoPhillips Optimized Cascade technology, leveraging the midscale LNG joint development work previously announced by KBR. "We are excited to be a part of this Mexico Pacific Limited LNG project and to deliver innovative LNG technology solutions for our customers," said Farhan Mujib, KBR President Hydrocarbons Delivery Solutions. "We believe midscale LNG projects have an important part to play in the global LNG market." The engagement continues the progress towards commercialization for MPL. "We look forward to working with an LNG industry leader in KBR, and continuing our efforts to provide a world class project with best in class delivered pricing for our Asian buyers," said Josh Loftus, President of MPL. The contract continues a broader competitive process with FEED expected to start mid-2019. For more than 40 years, KBR has been recognized as a pioneer in the LNG industry, designing and constructing one-third of the world's LNG production. About KBR, Inc. KBR is a global provider of differentiated professional services and technologies across the asset and program lifecycle within the Government Services and Hydrocarbons sectors. KBR employs approximately 36,000 people worldwide (including our joint ventures), with customers in more than 75 countries, and operations in 40 countries, across three synergistic global businesses: Government Services, serving government customers globally, including capabilities that cover the full lifecycle of defense, space, aviation and other government programs and missions from research and development, through systems engineering, test and evaluation, program management, to operations, maintenance, and field logistics Technology, including proprietary technology focused on the monetization of hydrocarbons (especially natural gas and natural gas liquids) in ethylene and petrochemicals; ammonia, nitric acid and fertilizers; oil refining and gasification Hydrocarbons Services, including onshore oil and gas; LNG (liquefaction and regasification)/GTL; oil refining; petrochemicals; chemicals; fertilizers; differentiated EPC; maintenance services (Brown & Root Industrial Services); offshore oil and gas (shallow-water, deep-water, subsea); floating solutions (FPU, FPSO, FLNG & FSRU); program management and consulting services KBR is proud to work with its customers across the globe to provide technology, value-added services, integrated EPC delivery and long term operations and maintenance services to ensure consistent delivery with predictable results. At KBR, We Deliver. Visit www.kbr.com Forward Looking Statement The statements in this press release that are not historical statements, including statements regarding future financial performance, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company's control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the outcome of and the publicity surrounding audits and investigations by domestic and foreign government agencies and legislative bodies; potential adverse proceedings by such agencies and potential adverse results and consequences from such proceedings; the scope and enforceability of the company's indemnities from its former parent; changes in capital spending by the company's customers; the company's ability to obtain contracts from existing and new customers and perform under those contracts; structural changes in the industries in which the company operates; escalating costs associated with and the performance of fixed-fee projects and the company's ability to control its cost under its contracts; claims negotiations and contract disputes with the company's customers; changes in the demand for or price of oil and/or natural gas; protection of intellectual property rights; compliance with environmental laws; changes in government regulations and regulatory requirements; compliance with laws related to income taxes; unsettled political conditions, war and the effects of terrorism; foreign operations and foreign exchange rates and controls; the development and installation of financial systems; increased competition for employees; the ability to successfully complete and integrate acquisitions; and operations of joint ventures, including joint ventures that are not controlled by the company. KBR's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K, any subsequent Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks, and other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings discuss some of the important risk factors that KBR has identified that may affect the business, results of operations and financial condition. Except as required by law, KBR undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. SOURCE KBR, Inc. Related Links http://www.kbr.com

VirTra Awarded $1.9 Million Contract to Support the Air Force Research Laboratory VirTra Partners with Infoscitex (IST) to Develop Training Content that Improves Human Performance for the Airman Decision Making and Interface (ADMIRE) Research Program TEMPE, Ariz., Aug. 31, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- VirTra, Inc . (NASDAQ: VTSI) ( VirTra ), a global provider of training simulators for the law enforcement, military, educational and commercial markets, has been awarded a $1.9 million indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract as a result of the Company s recent partnership with Infoscitex (IST), a subsidiary of DCS Corporation, in support of the Air Force Research Laboratory s Airman Decision Making and Interface Research (ADMIRE) program. Under the terms of the agreement, VirTra will serve as a subcontractor to IST, which recently secured a portion of the 6-year ADMIRE contract, valued at $135 million. The intent of the contract is to develop technology that improves US military warfighters decision-making and marksmanship skills. As part of its partnership with IST, VirTra will develop an expanded high-resolution library of content and an enhanced simulation software engine, which will also integrate biometric feedback that is captured, synched, and meta tagged to improve models and methodologies that optimize human performance. VirTra s work on this task order has already begun and VirTra s involvement on the contract is expected to run through June 30, 2022. One of our strategic priorities is to leverage our unique expertise and the world s best simulation training technology and apply it to the military market, said Bob Ferris, CEO of VirTra, Inc. Recent events have brought to light that VirTra s training technology is indispensable for law enforcement. And while we are continuing our push to ensure that law enforcement personnel have the best decision-making, marksmanship, and use-of-force training available, the fact remains that these needs extend directly to the military market as well. We re very encouraged by our recent traction in the military market, but even more so, we re especially cognizant of our unique position to help all first responders effectively improve essential skills. About VirTra VirTra (NASDAQ: VTSI) is a global provider of judgmental use of force training simulators, firearms training simulators and driving simulators for the law enforcement, military, educational and commercial markets. The company s patented technologies, software, and scenarios provide intense training for de-escalation, judgmental use-of-force, marksmanship and related training that mimics real-world situations. VirTra s mission is to save and improve lives worldwide through practical and highly-effective virtual reality and simulator technology. Learn more about the company at www.VirTra.com . About Infoscitex Infoscitex and its parent company, DCS Corporation, offer advanced technology and management solutions to Government agencies in the DoD and national security sector. The transformative ideas, commitment to quality and entrepreneurial spirit that characterize our employee-owners allow us to ensure the success of each client s mission and actively contribute to the well-being of the Nation. Investor Relations Contact: Matt Glover or Charlie Schumacher VTSI@gatewayir.com 949-574-3860

Motorola Solutions Awarded $495 Million Ceiling IDIQ Contract to Modernize Communications for the U.S. Army CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Motorola Solutions (NYSE:MSI) was awarded a five-year IDIQ contract (indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity) capped at $495 million by the U.S. Army to update its global mission-critical communications network. As part of the contract, Motorola Solutions will supply the Army with Land Mobile Radio (LMR) P25 subscriber unit radios, accessories, warranty and ancillary services to include installation, programming, training and maintenance. Motorola Solutions is one of five vendors contracted to modernize the Army s communications, using the P25 standard to ensure interoperability between devices, enhance security and improve reliability of communications. The project reinforces Motorola Solutions commitment to the P25 wireless communications standard to create a more efficient critical communications platform on a global scale. The U.S. Army s continued investment in LMR demonstrates the essential role this technology plays in supporting reliable mission-critical communications to improve the safety and protection of people all over the world, said Mark McNulty, vice president and general manager, U.S. Federal Government Markets. The Army sees LMR and the P25 standard as the best approach to create a system of interoperability across multiple technologies on a massive scale. Motorola Solutions' P25 offerings integrate voice and data to provide features like group services, advanced text messaging, location awareness and push-to-talk. Radio verification and encryption provides enhanced security to prevent third parties from accessing conversations that include mission-critical and/or personal information. About Motorola Solutions Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI) creates innovative, mission-critical communication solutions and services that help public safety and commercial customers build safer cities and thriving communities. For ongoing news, visit www.motorolasolutions.com/newsroom or subscribe to a news feed. MOTOROLA, MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS and the Stylized M Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC and are used under license. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 2018 Motorola Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.

KBR Awarded Major PMC Services Contract by ADNOC for Ghasha Concession Project English English HOUSTON, Feb. 3, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- KBR (NYSE: KBR) announced today it has been awarded a major Project Management Consultancy (PMC) services contract by Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC) for the Ghasha Concession portfolio of projects. Under the terms of the contract, KBR will act as the main PMC contractor responsible for managing the successful Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) contractors for Packages A & B of the Dalma Gas Development Project, Packages 1-5 of the Hail & Ghasha Development Project, Hail & Ghasha Islands Project as well as the Deep Gas Project. This work is expected to be performed over four years with an optional extension for two more years. The Ghasha mega-project has the potential to meet about 20 percent of the UAE's gas demand by around the second half of the decade. In addition, more than 120,000 barrels per day of oil and high-value condensates are expected to be produced when the project is on stream. "We deeply appreciate the tremendous amount of trust that ADNOC has placed in KBR to project-manage such a significant share of this strategic Ghasha Concession program," said Stuart Bradie, KBR President and CEO. "This award highlights ADNOC's confidence in KBR's reputation as the industry leader in the provision of value-added PMC services for similar mega gas-field development projects." "We look forward to continuing our long-term relationship with ADNOC and to demonstrating once again our world class ability to manage large-scale, complex projects such as this on time, within budget, but most of all with a strict safety culture," Bradie continued. "We are confident that the Ghasha Concession Project will significantly boost In-Country Value. As always, KBR remains fully committed to act as one of ADNOC's strategic partners to achieve the targeted In-Country Value objectives." About KBR, Inc. KBR is a global provider of differentiated professional services and technologies across the asset and program lifecycle within the Government Solutions and Energy sectors. KBR employs approximately 38,000 people worldwide (including our joint ventures), with customers in more than 80 countries, and operations in 40 countries, across three synergistic global businesses: Government Solutions, serving government customers globally, including capabilities that cover the full lifecycle of defense, space, aviation and other government programs and missions from research and development, through systems engineering, test and evaluation, program management, to operations, maintenance, and field logistics Technology Solutions, featuring proprietary technology, equipment, catalysts, digital solutions and related technical services for the monetization of hydrocarbons, including refining, petrochemicals, ammonia and specialty chemicals, as well as inorganics Energy Solutions, including onshore oil and gas; LNG (liquefaction and regasification)/GTL; oil refining; petrochemicals; chemicals; fertilizers; differentiated EPC; maintenance services (Brown & Root Industrial Services); offshore oil and gas (shallow-water, deep-water, subsea); floating solutions (FPU, FPSO, FLNG & FSRU); program management and consulting services KBR is proud to work with its customers across the globe to provide technology, value-added services, integrated EPC delivery and long term operations and maintenance services to ensure consistent delivery with predictable results. At KBR, We Deliver. Visit www.kbr.com Forward Looking Statement The statements in this press release that are not historical statements, including statements regarding future financial performance, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company's control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the outcome of and the publicity surrounding audits and investigations by domestic and foreign government agencies and legislative bodies; potential adverse proceedings by such agencies and potential adverse results and consequences from such proceedings; the scope and enforceability of the company's indemnities from its former parent; changes in capital spending by the company's customers; the company's ability to obtain contracts from existing and new customers and perform under those contracts; structural changes in the industries in which the company operates; escalating costs associated with and the performance of fixed-fee projects and the company's ability to control its cost under its contracts; claims negotiations and contract disputes with the company's customers; changes in the demand for or price of oil and/or natural gas; protection of intellectual property rights; compliance with environmental laws; changes in government regulations and regulatory requirements; compliance with laws related to income taxes; unsettled political conditions, war and the effects of terrorism; foreign operations and foreign exchange rates and controls; the development and installation of financial systems; increased competition for employees; the ability to successfully complete and integrate acquisitions; and operations of joint ventures, including joint ventures that are not controlled by the company. KBR's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K, any subsequent Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks, and other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings discuss some of the important risk factors that KBR has identified that may affect the business, results of operations and financial condition. Except as required by law, KBR undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. SOURCE KBR, Inc. Related Links http://www.kbr.com

Curtiss-Wright Awarded $28 Million Contract to Support U.S. Navy s Virginia-Class Submarine Program DAVIDSON, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE: CW) today announced that it has been awarded a contract valued in excess of $28 million to provide valves for the U.S. Navy s Virginia-class submarines. The award was received from Bechtel Plant Machinery, Inc. (BPMI) to support ship construction and spare parts procurement. The contract includes FY18 orders for two ship sets of submarine propulsion plant valves and spares. Curtiss-Wright is pleased to have been awarded this important naval defense contract, which continues our long-standing relationship with the U.S. Nuclear Navy and ongoing support of critical naval defense platforms, said David C. Adams, Chairman and CEO of Curtiss-Wright Corporation. Since the inception of nuclear powered ships, Curtiss-Wright s commitment to providing the most advanced and reliable technologies has ensured our ongoing participation in these significant defense programs, which continue to receive strong Congressional support. Further, our innovative products and reliable solutions support the U.S. Navy s cost and delivery targets, while reinforcing fleet readiness commitments. Curtiss-Wright is performing the work at its facility in East Farmingdale, N.Y., a business unit of Curtiss-Wright s Industrial division within the Commercial/Industrial segment. Engineering and manufacturing has commenced and will continue through 2022. For over 60 years, Curtiss-Wright has ensured safe, reliable operations by supplying innovative, high-performance products for every nuclear submarine and aircraft carrier commissioned by the U.S. Navy. In addition, Curtiss-Wright technologies, such as power-dense motors and enhanced valve designs, enable more efficient operations, reduce manpower and cost, and increase safety. For more information on Curtiss-Wright s Industrial division products, please visit http://www.cw-valvegroup.com/. About Curtiss-Wright Corporation Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW) is a global innovative company that delivers highly engineered, critical function products and services to the commercial, industrial, defense and energy markets. Building on the heritage of Glenn Curtiss and the Wright brothers, Curtiss-Wright has a long tradition of providing reliable solutions through trusted customer relationships. The company employs approximately 8,600 people worldwide. For more information, visit www.curtisswright.com. This press release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, including statements relating to Curtiss-Wright Corporation's expectations of future performance of our valve products, the continued relationship with an existing customer, the successful implementation and the success of these naval defense programs and future opportunities associated with this program, are not considered historical facts and are considered forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: a reduction in anticipated orders; an economic downturn; changes in competitive marketplace and/or customer requirements; a change in US and Foreign government spending; an inability to perform customer contracts at anticipated cost levels; and other factors that generally affect the business of aerospace, defense contracting, marine, electronics and industrial companies. Please refer to the Company's current SEC filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for further information.

CB Financial Services, Inc. Authorizes Stock Repurchase Program and Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend Nasdaq:CBFV WASHINGTON, Pa., Nov. 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CB Financial Services, Inc. (the Company ) (NASDAQ: CBFV), the holding company for Community Bank, announced today that its Board of Directors has authorized a program to repurchase up to $5 million of the Company s outstanding common stock, which represents approximately 3.2% of the outstanding shares based on the Company s closing stock price on November 19, 2019. The program is effective November 25, 2019 and authorized through November 24, 2020. Repurchases may be transacted in the open-market or in negotiated private transactions and will be conducted pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with limitations set forth in Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan allows the Company to repurchase its shares during periods when it would normally not be active in the market due to its internal trading blackout period. Repurchases will be made at management s discretion at prices management considers to be attractive and in the best interests of both the Company and its stockholders, subject to various factors, including but not limited to, the availability of stock, general market conditions, the trading price of the stock, alternative uses for capital, and the Company s financial performance. The repurchase program may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason, including market conditions, the cost of repurchasing shares, the availability of alternative investment opportunities, liquidity, and other factors deemed appropriate. These factors may also affect the timing and amount of share repurchases. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to purchase any particular number of shares. The Company also announced that its Board of Directors has declared a $0.24 quarterly cash dividend per outstanding share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on or about December 16, 2019 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 6, 2019. In addition to continuing our solid quarterly dividend, we are excited to announce our first stock repurchase program in our commitment to optimize capital and provide an additional avenue to increase stockholder value, noted Patrick G. O Brien, President and Chief Executive Officer. After payment of the dividend and completion of the stock repurchase program, our capital ratios will continue to be very strong with sufficient capital to support organic growth and regular dividends. About CB Financial Services, Inc. CB Financial Services, Inc. is the bank holding company for Community Bank, a Pennsylvania-chartered commercial bank located in Washington, Pennsylvania. Community Bank operates twenty offices in Greene, Allegheny, Washington, Fayette, and Westmoreland Counties in southwestern Pennsylvania, seven offices in Brooke, Marshall, Ohio, Upshur and Wetzel Counties in West Virginia, and one office in Belmont County in Ohio. Community Bank offers a broad array of retail and commercial lending and deposit services and provides commercial and personal insurance brokerage services through Exchange Underwriters, Inc., its wholly owned subsidiary. For more information about CB Financial Services, Inc. and Community Bank, visit our website at www.communitybank.tv . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain forward-looking statements about the stock repurchase program. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words like believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, and intend or future or conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could or may. Certain factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected results include delays in completing the proposed repurchase program, changes in the interest rate environment, changes in the market price of the Company s common stock, changes in the general economic conditions, legislative and regulatory changes that adversely affect the business of the Company and Community Bank, changes in the securities markets, and other factors disclosed in the Company s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Sterling Bancorp Announces an Increase in Stock Repurchase Program and Agreement to Sell Residential Mortgage Loans MONTEBELLO, N.Y., Dec. 20, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sterling Bancorp (NYSE: STL) (the Company ), the parent company of Sterling National Bank (the Bank ), today announced the following corporate actions related to the Company s stock repurchase program (the Repurchase Program ) and sale of residential mortgage loans. Increase in Repurchase Program Authorization On December 10, 2018, the Board of Directors increased the amount of shares authorized to be repurchased under the existing Repurchase Program to 20,000,000 shares of common stock, representing approximately 8.9% of the common shares issued by the Company excluding treasury stock. The Board previously approved the current Repurchase Program on February 27, 2018, which had authorized the repurchase of up to 10,000,000 shares of common stock. As of December 18, 2018, the Company had repurchased a total of 7,314,771 shares in the fourth quarter of 2018 under the Repurchase Program. Stock repurchases under the Repurchase Program will be made from time to time, on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, at the discretion of Company management and in accordance with the limitations set forth in Rule 10b-18 of the Securities and Exchange Commission and other applicable legal requirements. The timing of these repurchases will depend on market conditions and other requirements. The Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be extended, modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. Sale of Residential Mortgage Loans On December 17, 2018, the Bank entered into an agreement with a third-party under which the Bank has committed to sell fixed rate residential mortgage loans. As of November 30, 2018, the loans to be sold had an aggregate unpaid principal balance of $1.6 billion and a weighted average interest rate of 3.61%. The Bank expects the sale to be neutral to earnings and will use net proceeds to pay-off approximately $1.6 billion of wholesale borrowings with a weighted average interest rate of 2.75%. In connection with the loan sale, the Company estimates accretion income on acquired loans will be in a range of $60 million to $65 million in 2019. The Company anticipates the loan sale and reduction in borrowings will result in an increase of 12 to 15 basis points in net interest margin for 2019 excluding accretion income on acquired loans. The transaction is expected to close in February 2019. Jack Kopnisky, President and Chief Executive Officer, commented, These actions are consistent with the continued execution of our strategy, and will significantly strengthen our liquidity position, accelerate the ongoing transition of our balance sheet, and improve our profitability ratios. We will continue allocating our substantial capital and funding to investments where we can achieve the best risk-adjusted returns, which we anticipate will include organic growth in loans and deposits, loan portfolio acquisitions and share repurchases. We are well positioned to deliver sustainable growth in earnings per share in 2019 and beyond. About Sterling Bancorp Sterling Bancorp, whose principal subsidiary is Sterling National Bank, specializes in the delivery of services and solutions to business owners, their families and consumers within the communities it serves through teams of dedicated and experienced relationship managers. Sterling National Bank offers a complete line of commercial, business, and consumer banking products and services. For more information, visit the Sterling Bancorp website at www.sterlingbancorp.com . CAUTION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This release may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, outlook, target, estimate, forecast, project, continue, positions, prospects, by future conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could, or may, or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties which change over time. In addition to factors previously disclosed in reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements: difficulties and delays in integrating Astoria Financial Corporation s and Advantage Funding Management Co., Inc. s business or fully realizing cost savings and other benefits; business disruption; a failure to grow revenues faster than we grow expenses; a deterioration in general economic conditions, either nationally, internationally, or in our market areas, including extended declines in the real estate market and constrained financial markets; inflation; the effects of, and changes in, trade; changes in asset quality and credit risk; introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives; capital management activities; customer disintermediation; and our success in managing those risks. Other factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those indicated in forward-looking statements are included in the Risk Factors section of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which such statements were made.

Brookfield and GGP Reach Agreement on BPY s Acquisition of GGP GGP shareholders can elect to receive for each GGP share either $23.50 in cash, or either one BPY unit or one share of a newly created U.S. REIT, subject to proration, for an aggregate cash / equity consideration ratio of approximately 61% / 39% Transaction expected to be immediately accretive to FFO/unit for BPY unitholders; BPY s current per unit distribution is more than 40% higher than the per share dividend currently received by GGP shareholders Special Committee of GGP unanimously recommends the transaction Brookfield News, March 26, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Brookfield Property Partners L.P. ( BPY ) (NASDAQ:BPY) (TSX:BPY.UN) and the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of GGP Inc. (the Special Committee ) today announced that BPY and GGP Inc. ( GGP ) (NYSE:GGP) have entered into a definitive agreement for BPY to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common stock of GGP other than those shares currently held by BPY and its affiliates. In the transaction, GGP shareholders will be entitled to elect to receive, for each GGP common share, either $23.50 in cash or either one BPY unit or one share of a new BPY U.S. REIT security, subject to proration based on aggregate cash consideration of $9.25 billion. As compared to the offer to acquire GGP that BPY publicly announced on November 13, 2017, the transaction includes: An increase in the cash consideration from $23.00 to $23.50 per GGP share; A $1.85 billion increase in the aggregate cash consideration, from $7.4 billion to $9.25 billion; An increase in the exchange ratio from 0.9656 to 1.0000; and The creation of a new BPY U.S. REIT ( BPR ) that will qualify as a REIT for tax purposes and issue shares in the transaction. Shares in BPR are structured with the intention of providing an economic return equivalent to BPY units, including identical distributions. BPR shareholders will have the right to exchange each BPR share for one BPY unit, or the cash equivalent of one BPY unit, at the election of BPY. Brookfield Asset Management ( BAM ) (NYSE: BAM; TSX: BAM.A; Euronext: BAMA) has agreed that, for a period of at least 20 years, it will guarantee the BPR shareholders right to exchange a BPR share for a BPY unit or the cash equivalent of a BPY unit, as described above. The Special Committee, comprised of non-executive, independent directors, has unanimously recommended that GGP shareholders approve the transaction. The Special Committee believes the transaction is fair to and in the best interests of GGP shareholders. As a result of the transaction, GGP shareholders who receive equity consideration will be entitled to receive the same amount as BPY s current distribution on the BPY units or BPR shares they receive, which is over 40% higher than GGP s dividend (BPY annual distribution of $1.26 per unit vs. GGP dividend of $0.88 per share). Brian Kingston, CEO of Brookfield Property Partners, said, This is a compelling transaction that enables GGP shareholders to receive premium value for their shares and gives them the ability to participate in the long-term upside of their investment. We are pleased to have reached an agreement and are excited about combining Brookfield s access to large-scale capital and deep operating expertise across multiple real estate sectors with GGP s portfolio of irreplaceable retail assets. He continued, The introduction of the new BPR shares will allow GGP shareholders to efficiently participate in the transaction. Daniel Hurwitz, Lead Director and Chairman of the Special Committee, said, Since receiving Brookfield s initial proposal in November, the Special Committee has conducted extensive due diligence, specifically evaluating the optimal consideration structure for GGP s shareholders. After careful consideration, assisted by our independent advisors, the Special Committee determined that Brookfield s improved proposal, which includes an increase in the cash portion of the consideration and the ability to receive shares in a newly listed REIT entity, provides GGP shareholders with certainty of value, as well as upside potential through ownership in a globally diversified real estate company. We are pleased to have reached this agreement, which we believe is in the best interests of GGP and our shareholders. With an ownership interest in approximately $90 billion in total assets and annual net operating income of more than $4 billion, the combined company will be one of the world s largest commercial real estate enterprises. Following completion of the transaction, GGP shareholders will own approximately 26% of the combined company (calculated based on all BPR shares having been exchanged for BPY units and pro forma for the proposed BAM preferred share conversion as described below), which will possess one of the highest quality and most diverse portfolios of property globally, with a fortress balance sheet and strong overall financial profile. Transaction Details GGP shareholders will be entitled to elect to receive, for each GGP common share, either $23.50 in cash or either one BPY unit or one BPR share. Elections are subject to proration which will be based on aggregate consideration in the transaction of (1) a fixed amount of $9.25 billion in cash and (2) approximately 254 million BPY units / BPR shares, which represents aggregate consideration of approximately 61% cash and approximately 39% of BPY or BPR equity. The consideration in the transaction will be structured as (1) a dividend by GGP paid in cash and equity (subject to proration) and (2) merger consideration paid in cash. As a result, all GGP shareholders will receive a portion of the consideration in cash (regardless of their election). The cash portion of the consideration will be funded by a combination of approximately $4 billion from joint venture equity partners, and financings from a syndicate of lenders led by Deutsche Bank, Morgan Stanley, RBC Capital Markets and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, with additional commitments from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, HSBC, SMBC, and The Toronto-Dominion Bank. In conjunction with and in support of the proposed transaction, BAM has stated its intention to convert $500 million currently held in BPY Class C Junior Preferred Shares into BPY units at a price of $23.50 per unit, resulting in BAM s acquisition of approximately 21.3 million BPY units. In addition, to allow for synergies and cost savings between BPY and GGP to be effectuated following closing of the transaction, BAM, which provides management services to BPY and will also provide services to BPR following closing, has agreed to waive, for one year, the management fees payable by BPR and the incremental management fees BPY would otherwise be required to pay in respect of the units issued in exchange for GGP shares. The transaction is subject to the approval of (1) GGP shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the outstanding GGP common stock and (2) GGP shareholders representing a majority of the outstanding GGP common stock not owned by BPY and its affiliates. BPY and its affiliates have agreed to vote in favor of the transaction. The transaction is also subject to other customary closing conditions and is expected to close early in the third quarter of 2018. GGP shareholders will receive a second quarter dividend of up to $0.22 per share (final amount to be prorated in the event the transaction closes prior to June 30). Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP, Goodwin Procter LLP and Torys LLP are serving as legal counsel to BPY and PwC is serving as tax advisor to BPY. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is serving as financial advisor and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP is serving as legal counsel to GGP s Special Committee. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. is serving as financial advisor and Sullivan & Cromwell LLP is serving as legal counsel to GGP. All dollar references are in U.S. dollars, unless noted otherwise. Brookfield Property Partners Brookfield Property Partners is one of the world s largest commercial real estate companies, with approximately $68 billion in total assets. We are leading owners, operators and investors in commercial real estate, with a diversified portfolio of premier office and retail assets, as well as interests in multifamily, triple net lease, industrial, hospitality, self-storage, student housing and manufactured housing assets. Brookfield Property Partners is listed on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges. Further information is available at bpy.brookfield.com. Brookfield Property Partners is the flagship listed real estate company of Brookfield Asset Management, a leading global alternative asset manager with over $285 billion in assets under management. GGP Inc. GGP Inc. is an S&P 500 company focused exclusively on owning, managing, leasing and redeveloping high-quality retail properties throughout the United States. GGP is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, and publicly traded on the NYSE under the symbol GGP. Brookfield Contacts: Suzanne Fleming Managing Partner, Communications O: (212) 417-2421 suzanne.fleming@brookfield.com Matt Cherry SVP, Investor Relations & Communications O: (212) 417-7488 matthew.cherry@brookfield.com GGP Inc. Contact: Kevin Berry SVP, Investor & Public Relations O: (312) 960-5529 M: (708) 308-5999 kevin.berry@ggp.com Additional Information and Where to Find It This communication is being made in respect of the proposed transaction contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 26, 2018, among Brookfield Property Partners L.P. ( BPY ), Goldfinch Merger Sub Corp. and GGP Inc. ( GGP ). This communication may be deemed to be solicitation material in respect of the proposed transaction involving BPY and GGP. In connection with the proposed transaction, BPY will file with the SEC a registration statement on Form F-4 that will include a prospectus of BPY, and GGP will file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a proxy statement/prospectus of GGP. The BPY prospectus and the GGP proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to GGP stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE ABOVE-REFERENCED AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED OR TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT BPY, GGP, THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors and stockholders will be able to obtain free copies of the above-referenced and other documents filed with the SEC by BPY and GGP through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, investors will be able to obtain free copies of the above-referenced and other documents filed with the SEC by BPY, when available, by contacting BPY Investor Relations at bpy.enquiries@brookfield.com or +1 (855) 212-8243 or at BPY s website at bpy.brookfield.com, and will be able to obtain free copies of the above-referenced and other documents filed with the SEC by GGP, when available, by contacting GGP Investor Relations at (312) 960-5000 or at GGP s website at http://www.ggp.com. Non-solicitation This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Participants in Solicitation BPY, GGP and their respective directors and executive officers and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from GGP stockholders in respect of the proposed transaction that will be described in the proxy statement/prospectus. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from GGP stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus when it is filed with the SEC. You may also obtain the documents that BPY and GGP file electronically free of charge from the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. Information regarding BPY s directors and executive officers is contained in BPY s 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 9, 2018. Information regarding GGP s directors and executive officers is contained in GGP s 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2018 and its 2017 Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 3, 2017. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information within the meaning of Canadian provincial securities laws and applicable regulations and forward-looking statements within the meaning of safe harbor provisions of applicable U.S. securities laws, including the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive in nature or depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, include statements regarding the expected timing, completion and effects of the proposed transaction, our operations, business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook, as well as the outlook for North American and international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, and include words such as expects, anticipates, plans, believes, estimates, seeks, intends, targets, projects, forecasts, likely, or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as may, will, should, would and could. Although we believe that our anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements and information are based upon reasonable assumptions and expectations, the reader should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and information because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievement expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and information. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated or implied by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could affect the proposed transaction on the anticipated terms and timing, including the risk that the proposed transaction may not be consummated; risks related to BPY s ability to integrate GGP s business into our own and the ability of the combined company to attain expected benefits therefrom; risks incidental to the ownership and operation of real estate properties including local real estate conditions; the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in the countries in which we do business; the ability to enter into new leases or renew leases on favorable terms; business competition; dependence on tenants financial condition; the use of debt to finance our business; the behavior of financial markets, including fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates; uncertainties of real estate development or redevelopment; global equity and capital markets and the availability of equity and debt financing and refinancing within these markets; risks relating to our insurance coverage; the possible impact of international conflicts and other developments including terrorist acts; potential environmental liabilities; changes in tax laws and other tax related risks; dependence on management personnel; illiquidity of investments; the ability to complete and effectively integrate other acquisitions into existing operations and the ability to attain expected benefits therefrom; operational and reputational risks; catastrophic events, such as earthquakes and hurricanes; and other risks and factors detailed from time to time in our documents filed with the securities regulators in Canada and the United States. We caution that the foregoing list of important factors that may affect future results is not exhaustive. When relying on our forward-looking statements or information, investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and potential events. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or information, whether written or oral, that may be as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Franklin Templeton Investments Announces Acquisition of Alternative Credit Manager Benefit Street Partners SAN MATEO, Calif., Oct. 25, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Franklin Resources, Inc. [NYSE:BEN], a global investment management organization operating as Franklin Templeton Investments ( Franklin Templeton ), today announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Benefit Street Partners L.L.C. ( BSP ), a leading alternative credit manager with approximately $26 billion in assets under management as of September 30, 2018. The acquisition will bolster Franklin Templeton s alternative offerings and expand its robust fixed income capabilities to include an array of alternative credit strategies, at a time when investors are increasingly allocating capital to less liquid and higher yielding credit opportunities. We re pleased to announce the acquisition of Benefit Street Partners and to welcome its seasoned and talented team, said Greg Johnson, chairman and CEO of Franklin Templeton. BSP s differentiated approach to investing within the alternative credit space has resulted in a thriving business over the course of the last decade. The percentage of institutional investors expected to allocate to alternative credit for the long term is substantial, and this acquisition positions us well in a growing market. We are confident that BSP s experience and capabilities, combined with Franklin Templeton s global scale and extensive resources in more liquid credit investing, will enhance origination capabilities and increase our breadth and depth of expertise across the leveraged finance market. Established in 2008, BSP is based in New York, with five additional offices across the US. BSP offers a broad spectrum of investment capabilities to its investors, covering corporate performing and distressed private credit, structured credit and commercial real estate credit. The alternative credit asset class is seeing strong demand in a rising rate environment, with BSP generally focusing on high quality, primarily senior secured, floating rate debt. BSP s senior management team has worked together for over two decades, at BSP and at another organization, and is supported by a deep bench of strategy leaders, portfolio managers and investment professionals with significant experience building institutional-quality businesses that have delivered strong results through multiple market cycles. Tom Gahan, founder, CEO and CIO of BSP, said, We believe Franklin Templeton is the perfect long-term partner for our business. Franklin Templeton s pedigree, global reach and extensive investment capabilities will provide BSP with increased resources and investment opportunities. We look forward to collaborating with Franklin Templeton s experienced team to continue to deliver market-leading risk-adjusted returns to our investors. We are grateful to our partners at Providence, who helped launch and support BSP over the past decade. Jenny Johnson, president and COO of Franklin Templeton, added, Expanding our alternatives capabilities has been a strategic focus area for Franklin Templeton, and this acquisition will position us to capitalize on the growing and sought after alternative credit segment. We re consistently seeing investors augment their traditional fixed income portfolios with alternative credit to enhance their risk/reward characteristics. BSP brings new alternative solutions within private credit that complement Franklin Templeton s existing alternatives and fixed income capabilities to meet the evolving needs of our clients. Jonathan Nelson, founder and CEO of Providence, said, BSP s combination with Franklin Templeton makes strategic and economic sense for all stakeholders. We couldn t be more proud of Tom and the team s success in building a world-class credit business. This has been a great 10-year partnership, and we wish them continued success. This transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and we anticipate the transaction will close in Franklin Templeton s second quarter of fiscal 2019. Following the acquisition, Franklin Templeton s alternative offerings will represent more than $40 billion in assets under management. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC served as financial advisor to Franklin Templeton, and its legal counsel was Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP. BofA Merrill Lynch served as BSP s financial advisor on the transaction, and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP was its legal advisor. Conference Call Franklin Templeton will hold a conference call today at 11am ET to discuss its fourth quarter and fiscal year results, as well as the acquisition. Additional information on the acquisition can be found in the written earnings commentary at investors.franklinresources.com. The conference call will be led by Greg Johnson and Ken Lewis, CFO and executive vice president of Franklin Templeton, who will be joined by Tom Gahan and Richard Byrne, president of BSP. About Benefit Street Partners Benefit Street Partners L.L.C. is a leading credit-focused alternative asset management firm with approximately $26 billion in assets under management. BSP manages assets across a broad range of complementary credit strategies, including private/opportunistic debt, structured credit, high yield, special situations, long-short liquid credit and commercial real estate debt. Based in New York, the BSP platform was established in 2008 in partnership with Providence Equity Partners. For further information, please visit www.benefitstreetpartners.com. About Franklin Templeton Investments Franklin Resources, Inc. [NYSE:BEN] is a global investment management organization operating as Franklin Templeton Investments. Franklin Templeton Investments provides global and domestic investment management to retail, institutional and sovereign wealth clients in over 170 countries. Through specialized teams, the company has expertise across all asset classes including equity, fixed income, alternative and custom solutions. The company s alternatives capabilities include private equity, hedge, commodities, real estate, infrastructure and venture capital strategies from Darby Overseas Investments, Franklin Real Asset Advisors, Franklin Venture Partners, K2 Advisors, Pelagos Capital Management, Templeton Global Macro and Templeton Private Equity Partners. Franklin Templeton Investments more than 650 investment professionals are supported by its integrated, worldwide team of risk management professionals and global trading desk network. With offices in over 30 countries, the California-based company has more than 70 years of investment experience and over $717 billion in assets under management as of September 30, 2018. For more information, please visit investors.franklinresources.com. About Providence Equity Partners Providence is a premier global asset management firm with approximately $60 billion in assets under management across complementary private equity and credit businesses. Providence pioneered a sector-focused approach to private equity investing with the vision that a dedicated team of industry experts could build exceptional companies of enduring value. Since the firm's inception in 1989, Providence has invested in more than 180 companies and has become a leading equity investment firm focused on the media, communications, education and information industries. Providence is headquartered in Providence, RI, and also has offices in New York and London. For more information, please visit www.provequity.com. Forward-looking statements The statements contained herein may include prospects, statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results, performance or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements herein are made only as of the date of this press release, and the company assumes no obligation to update any information or forward-looking statement contained herein, except as required to be disclosed by law. Copyright 2018. Franklin Templeton Investments. All rights reserved. From: Franklin Templeton Investments Investor Relations: Brian Sevilla, (650) 312-4091, brian.sevilla@franklintempleton.com Corporate Communications: Matt Walsh, (650) 312-2245, matthew.walsh@franklintempleton.com Becky Radosevich, (212) 632-3207, rebecca.radosevich@franklintempleton.com franklinresources.com

Envision Healthcare to be Acquired by KKR for $46.00 Per Share in All-Cash Transaction Sale Follows Comprehensive Review of Strategic Alternatives 32% Premium to VWAP from Announcement of Review of Strategic Alternatives Represents Enterprise Value of $9.9 Billion NASHVILLE, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Envision Healthcare Corporation ( Envision or the Company ) (NYSE: EVHC) today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by global investment firm KKR in an all-cash transaction for approximately $9.9 billion, including the assumption or repayment of debt. Under the terms of the agreement, which has been unanimously approved by Envision s Board of Directors (the Board ), KKR will acquire all of the outstanding shares of Envision s common stock for $46.00 per share in cash, representing a 32% premium to Envision s volume-weighted average share price (VWAP) from November 1, 2017, the day immediately following the Company s first announcement that it was reviewing strategic alternatives. The transaction price represents a multiple of 10.9x trailing 12 months Adjusted EBITDA and 10.1x 2018 anticipated Adjusted EBITDA.1 The agreement represents the culmination of the Board s comprehensive review of strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder value. During the last seven months, the Board, with the assistance of three independent financial advisors and legal counsel, examined a full range of options to generate shareholder value, including capital structure alternatives, potential acquisitions, portfolio optimization, a potential sale of the whole company, and continued operation as a standalone business. The Board oversaw an extensive process that involved outreach to 25 potential buyers, including financial sponsors and strategic entities, and invited proposals for all or parts of the business. After consideration of the opportunities, risks and uncertainties facing the Company and the broader sector, as well as the alternatives available to the Company, the Board determined that the KKR proposal presented the best opportunity to maximize value for shareholders. James D. Shelton, Envision s Lead Independent Director, commented, After conducting a robust review of the business and competitive landscape, the Company s opportunities and challenges, and the strategic and financial alternatives available to the Company, the Board unanimously believes that this transaction will deliver the most value to Envision s shareholders. Christopher A. Holden, Envision s President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, added, Envision s leadership team including both the Board and management have been singularly focused on driving value for our shareholders and have taken decisive action in furtherance of that goal, including the implementation of a comprehensive operational improvement plan and a robust review of strategic alternatives. Today s announcement reflects the extensive efforts by our team to explore all opportunities to deliver value for our shareholders. Envision is a leading provider of physician-led services in a health care system in which physician-patient interactions have a pronounced impact on nearly all health care decisions. Envision has a very strong reputation for delivering high-quality, patient-focused care through its network of 25,000 clinical professionals at thousands of hospitals, surgery centers and alternate sites of care across the country, said Jim Momtazee, Head of KKR s Health Care investment team. We are excited to partner with the outstanding team led by Chris Holden to help build upon the strong foundation in place and accelerate Envision s growth going forward. The completion of the transaction, which is targeted for the fourth quarter of 2018, is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. Envision intends to present the proposed transaction to its shareholders for approval at the Company s 2018 Annual Meeting, which will be scheduled as soon as practicable following the filing and review of proxy materials. The Company intends to hold its Annual Meeting no later than October 1, 2018. Upon the completion of the transaction, Envision will become a private company, and its common stock will no longer be traded on the New York Stock Exchange. KKR will be making the investment primarily from its KKR Americas Fund XII. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Evercore and Guggenheim Securities LLC are serving as financial advisors and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and Bass, Berry & Sims are serving as legal counsel to Envision. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP is acting as legal counsel to KKR. Fully committed debt financing for the transaction will be provided by Citigroup Global Markets, Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley, Barclays, Goldman Sachs, Jefferies, UBS Investment Bank, RBC Capital Markets, HSBC, Mizuho, and KKR Capital Markets. About Envision Healthcare Corporation Envision Healthcare Corporation is a leading provider of physician-led services and post-acute care, and ambulatory surgery services. At March 31, 2018, we delivered physician services, primarily in the areas of emergency department and hospitalist services, anesthesiology services, radiology/tele-radiology services, and children s services to more than 1,800 clinical departments in healthcare facilities in 45 states and the District of Columbia. Post-acute care is delivered through an array of clinical professionals and integrated technologies which, when combined, contribute to efficient and effective population health management strategies. The Company owns and operates 261 surgery centers and one surgical hospital in 35 states and the District of Columbia, with medical specialties ranging from gastroenterology to ophthalmology and orthopedics. In total, the Company offers a differentiated suite of clinical solutions on a national scale, creating value for health systems, payors, providers and patients. For additional information, visit www.evhc.net. About KKR KKR is a leading global investment firm that manages multiple alternative asset classes, including private equity, growth equity, energy, infrastructure, real estate and credit, with strategic manager partnerships that manage hedge funds. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns for its fund investors by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and driving growth and value creation with KKR portfolio companies. KKR invests its own capital alongside the capital it manages for fund investors and provides financing solutions and investment opportunities through its capital markets business. References to KKR's investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds. For additional information about KKR & Co. L.P. (NYSE: KKR), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com and on Twitter @KKR_Co. Additional Information and Where to Find It This communication relates to the proposed merger transaction involving the Company. In connection with the proposed merger, the Company will file relevant materials with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including the Company s proxy statement on Schedule 14A and accompanying definitive WHITE proxy card (the Proxy Statement ). This communication is not a substitute for the Proxy Statement or any other document that the Company may file with the SEC or send to its stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING DECISION, STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ARE URGED TO READ ALL RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, INCLUDING THE PROXY STATEMENT, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain the documents (when available) free of charge at the SEC s website, http://www.sec.gov, and the Company s website, www.evhc.net. Participants in the Solicitation The Company and its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the holders of Company common stock in respect of the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of the Company is set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2018, as amended by the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 30, 2018. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the Proxy Statement and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC in respect of the proposed transaction. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements and information in this communication may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the proposed transaction, the Company s financial and operating objectives, plans and strategies, industry trends, and all statements (other than statements of historical fact) that address activities, events or developments that the Company intends, expects, projects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future. These statements are often characterized by terminology such as believe, hope, may, anticipate, should, intend, plan, will, expect, estimate, project, positioned, strategy and similar expressions, and are based on assumptions and assessments made by the Company s management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors they believe to be appropriate. Any forward-looking statements in this communication are made as of the date hereof, and the Company undertakes no duty to update or revise any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Whether actual results will conform to expectations and predictions is subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including: (i) risks and uncertainties discussed in the reports and other documents that the Company files with the SEC; (ii) risks related to the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; (iii) the failure to obtain Company stockholder approval of the transaction or required regulatory approvals or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions to the completion of the transaction; (iv) the effect of the announcement of the transaction on the ability of the Company to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with its customers, suppliers, partners and others with whom it does business, or on its operating results and businesses generally; (v) risks associated with the disruption of management s attention from ongoing business operations due to the transaction; (vi) the ability to meet expectations regarding the timing and completion of the transaction; (vii) general economic, market, or business conditions; (viii) the impact of legislative or regulatory changes, such as changes to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; (ix) changes in governmental reimbursement programs; (x) decreases in revenue and profit margin under fee-for-service contracts due to changes in volume, payor mix and reimbursement rates; (xi) the loss of existing contracts; and (xii) other circumstances beyond the Company s control. 1 As of 3/31/2018. 2018E EBITDA multiple based on midpoint of Company guidance

Retrophin Announces FDA Approval of THIOLA EC (tiopronin) 100mg and 300mg Tablets for the Treatment of Cystinuria Enteric-coated formulation offers flexible dosing options, including administration with or without food THIOLA EC expected to be available to patients next month SAN DIEGO, June 28, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Retrophin, Inc. (NASDAQ: RTRX) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved 100 mg and 300 mg tablets of THIOLA EC (tiopronin), a new enteric-coated formulation of THIOLA (tiopronin), to be used for the treatment of cystinuria, a rare inherited disorder that causes a buildup of cystine levels in the urine resulting in the formation of recurring cystine kidney stones. THIOLA EC is expected to be available in July 2019. The approval of THIOLA EC marks another step in our continued commitment to helping patients with cystinuria manage the threat of recurring cystine stones, said Eric Dube, Ph.D., chief executive officer of Retrophin. This new formulation provides patients with the freedom to administer THIOLA EC with or without food, an advancement over the original formulation which has limiting food restrictions, and also provides the potential to reduce the number of tablets necessary to manage cystinuria. We look forward to working with the cystinuria community as we make the new formulation available next month. The recommended initial dosage of THIOLA in adult patients is 800 mg per day and in clinical studies the average dose of THIOLA was approximately 1,000 mg, or 10 pills per day. The original formulation of THIOLA 100 mg is recommended to be administered at least one hour before or two hours after meals. THIOLA EC 100 mg and 300 mg tablets are recommended to be administered with or without food. THIOLA s utility as the treatment of choice for cystinuria is well established. However, for certain patients, the challenges of administration one hour before or two hours after meals three times a day, coupled with a high pill burden, have been challenging, said Dr. David S. Goldfarb, Clinical Chief, Division of Nephrology at NYU Langone Health. Having a new treatment option with the flexibility of dosing with or without food, as well as one that provides an opportunity for patients to take fewer pills, should meaningfully improve convenience and compliance. THIOLA EC tablets were approved through the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway which allows the FDA to reference previous findings of safety and efficacy for an already-approved product, combined with reviewing findings from further studies of the product. About THIOLA EC (tiopronin) THIOLA EC (tiopronin) is indicated, in combination with high fluid intake, alkali, and diet modification for the prevention of cystine stone formation in adults and pediatric patients 20 kg with severe homozygous cystinuria, who are not responsive to these measures alone. Patients and physicians can access additional information about THIOLA EC by visiting thiola.com. Important Safety Information Contraindications: THIOLA EC is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to tiopronin or any other components of THIOLA EC. Warnings and precautions: Proteinuria: Proteinuria, including nephrotic syndrome and membranous nephropathy, have been reported with tiopronin use. Pediatric patients receiving >50 mg/kg of tiopronin per day may be at increased risk for proteinuria. Monitor patients for the development of proteinuria and discontinue therapy in patients who develop proteinuria. Hypersensitivity Reactions: Hypersensitivity reactions (drug fever, rash, fever, arthralgia and lymphadenopathy) have been reported. Adverse Reactions: The most common adverse reactions ( 10%) are nausea, diarrhea or soft stools, oral ulcers, rash, fatigue, fever, arthralgia, proteinuria, and emesis. Drug interactions: Avoid alcohol consumption 2 hours before and 3 hours after taking THIOLA EC. Special populations: Lactation: Breastfeeding is not recommended during treatment with THIOLA EC. Geriatric Use: Because elderly patients are more likely to have decreased renal function, care should be taken in dose selection, and it may be useful to monitor renal function. You may report negative side effects to Retrophin Medical Information at 1-877-659-5518, or to the FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch. Please see full Prescribing Information for Important Safety Information at thiola.com. About THIOLA (tiopronin) THIOLA (tiopronin) is indicated, in combination with high fluid intake, alkali, and diet modification for the prevention of cystine stone formation in adults and pediatric patients 20 kg with severe homozygous cystinuria, who are not responsive to these measures alone. Important Safety Information Contraindications: THIOLA is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to tiopronin or any other components of THIOLA. Warnings and precautions: Proteinuria: Proteinuria, including nephrotic syndrome and membranous nephropathy, have been reported with tiopronin use. Pediatric patients receiving >50 mg/kg of tiopronin per day may be at increased risk for proteinuria. Monitor patients for the development of proteinuria and discontinue therapy in patients who develop proteinuria. Hypersensitivity Reactions: Hypersensitivity reactions (drug fever, rash, fever, arthralgia and lymphadenopathy) have been reported. Adverse Reactions: The most common adverse reactions ( 10%) are nausea, diarrhea or soft stools, oral ulcers, rash, fatigue, fever, arthralgia, proteinuria, and emesis. Special populations: Lactation: Breastfeeding is not recommended during treatment with THIOLA. Geriatric Use: Because elderly patients are more likely to have decreased renal function, care should be taken in dose selection, and it may be useful to monitor renal function. You may report negative side effects to Retrophin Medical Information at 1-877-659-5518, or to the FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch. Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information for additional Important Safety Information at thiola.com. About Retrophin Retrophin is a biopharmaceutical company specializing in identifying, developing and delivering life-changing therapies to people living with rare disease. The Company s approach centers on its pipeline featuring late-stage assets targeting rare diseases with significant unmet medical needs, including fosmetpantotenate for pantothenate kinase-associated neurodegeneration (PKAN), a life-threatening neurological disorder that typically begins in early childhood, and sparsentan for focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) and IgA nephropathy (IgAN), disorders characterized by progressive scarring of the kidney often leading to end-stage renal disease. Research in additional rare diseases is also underway, including a joint development arrangement evaluating the potential of CNSA-001 in phenylketonuria (PKU), a rare genetic metabolic condition that can lead to neurological and behavioral impairment. Retrophin s R&D efforts are supported by revenues from the Company s commercial products Chenodal , Cholbam and THIOLA . Retrophin.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Without limiting the foregoing, these statements are often identified by the words "may", "might", "believes", "thinks", "anticipates", "plans", "expects", "intends" or similar expressions. In addition, expressions of our strategies, intentions or plans are also forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from current expectations. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are risks and uncertainties associated with the Company s business and finances in general, success of its commercial products, as well as risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's preclinical and clinical stage pipeline. Specifically, the Company faces risks associated with market acceptance of its products (including the new formulation of THIOLA), including efficacy, safety, price, reimbursement and benefit over competing therapies. The risks and uncertainties the Company faces with respect to its preclinical and clinical stage pipeline include risk that the Company's clinical candidates will not be found to be safe or effective and that current or future clinical trials will not proceed as planned. The Company faces risk that it will be unable to raise additional funding that may be required to complete development of any or all of its product candidates; risk relating to the Company's dependence on contractors for clinical drug supply and commercial manufacturing; uncertainties relating to patent protection and exclusivity periods and intellectual property rights of third parties; and risks and uncertainties relating to competitive products and technological changes that may limit demand for the Company's products. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond our control. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Investors are referred to the full discussion of risks and uncertainties as included in the Company's most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Contact: Chris Cline, CFA Vice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications 760-260-8600 IR@retrophin.com

Kratos Awarded $19 Million Sole-Source Contract for Commercial Satcom Bandwidth Monitoring and Utilization Assessment Services help assure the government is efficiently utilizing commercially leased bandwidth SAN DIEGO, May 04, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq: KTOS), a leading National Security Solutions provider, announced today that it had been awarded a sole-source contract for satellite bandwidth utilization services. The base year of the contract is valued at $3,061,221; if all four option years are exercised, the total value will be $19 million. Kratos will provide continuous monitoring services of commercial satellites leased by the U.S. Space Force (USSF). Specifically, Kratos will provide 24x7 near-real-time performance monitoring data and bandwidth utilization assessment Radio Frequency (RF) monitoring services. RF data is the spectrum used by space systems to communicate with their ground systems. Kratos monitors the strength and characteristics of the signal, not the content. Bandwidth monitoring and utilization assessment and reporting services are required across all commercial satellites that are leased globally by the USSF. Frank Backes, Senior Vice President of Kratos Federal Space Group, said, The data collected from Kratos global sensor network will enable the U.S. Space Force to understand their usage of commercial satellite communications and inform future acquisition strategies. Kratos extensive network consists of global RF monitoring sites, hosting fixed and steerable sensors and antennas in L, S, C, X, and Ku bands. Kratos 24/7/365 Network Operations Center (NOC) is the central hub for monitoring and integrating raw RF data from its global sensor network. Advanced technologies developed by and exclusive to Kratos have been integrated into all levels of this cutting-edge infrastructure, from custom algorithms employed in the sensor network, to industry-leading commercial applications used in the NOC for data monitoring, correlation and geolocation, to specially-developed analytics that provide the real meaning behind the raw data. The RF bandwidth monitoring services are part of a portfolio of RF services offered to government and commercial customers including end-to-end satellite RF monitoring, interference detection, geolocation and mitigation. About Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTOS) develops and fields transformative, affordable technology, platforms and systems for United States National Security related customers, allies and commercial enterprises. Kratos is changing the way breakthrough technology for these industries are rapidly brought to market through proven commercial and venture capital backed approaches, including proactive research and streamlined development processes. Kratos specializes in unmanned systems, satellite communications, cyber security/warfare, microwave electronics, missile defense, hypersonic systems, training, combat systems and next generation turbo jet and turbo fan engine development. For more information go to www.KratosDefense.com. Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of Kratos and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Kratos undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although Kratos believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements involve many risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from what may be expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. For a further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the business of Kratos in general, see the risk disclosures in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kratos for the year ended December 29, 2019, and in subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and other filings made with the SEC by Kratos.

R1 Announces Agreement to Acquire Cerner RevWorks Creates Preferred Business Model to Drive Superior Revenue Cycle Results CHICAGO, June 03, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- R1 RCM Inc. (NASDAQ:RCM), a leading provider of technology-enabled revenue cycle management services to healthcare providers, today announced that it will acquire Cerner RevWorks services business and commercial, non-federal client relationships. RevWorks associates will be offered positions with R1, and both companies have committed to seamless integration between the company s technology-enabled services platform and Cerner s software. As part of the transaction, Cerner will extend R1 s comprehensive revenue cycle capabilities and expertise to Cerner clients and new prospects, helping drive sustainable financial improvements for providers while enhancing their patients overall experience. The closing of the acquisition is expected to take place in the third quarter of 2020, subject to customary closing conditions. R1 s electronic health record-agnostic revenue cycle platform seamlessly complements a healthcare organization s infrastructure, quickly driving transformative improvements to net patient revenue and cash flows while reducing operating costs. We look forward to working collaboratively with Cerner to deliver superior results for healthcare providers and the communities they serve, said Gary Long, executive vice president and chief commercial officer of R1. With our interoperable technology and end-to-end platform, we are well-positioned to serve Cerner s customers, as well as other healthcare organizations across the country. Cerner s overall goal is to deliver client success and accelerate our ability to deliver scalable innovations, said Brenna Quinn, senior vice president of revenue cycle management at Cerner. We re focused on having the right strategies, powerful and proven platforms, world-class talent, and partners like R1 to meet these goals. Advisors Centerview Partners LLC acted as financial advisor and Kirkland & Ellis LLP acted as legal advisor to R1. Greenhill & Co., LLC acted as an advisor to Cerner. About R1 RCM R1 RCM is a leading provider of technology-enabled RCM services which transform and solve revenue cycle performance challenges across hospitals, health systems and group physician practices. R1 s proven and scalable operating models seamlessly complement a healthcare organization s infrastructure, quickly driving sustainable improvements to net patient revenue and cash flows while reducing operating costs and enhancing the patient experience. To learn more, visit: r1rcm.com. About Cerner Cerner s health technologies connect people and information systems at thousands of contracted provider facilities worldwide dedicated to creating smarter and better care for individuals and communities. Recognized globally for innovation, Cerner assists clinicians in making care decisions and assists organizations in managing the health of their populations. The company also offers an integrated clinical and financial system to help manage day-to-day revenue functions, as well as a wide range of services to support clinical, financial and operational needs, focused on people. For more information, visit Cerner.com , The Cerner Blog or connect on Facebook , Instagram , LinkedIn , Twitter or The Cerner Podcast . Nasdaq: CERN. Health care is too important to stay the same. Forward Looking Statements This press release includes statements that may constitute forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In particular, statements about future events and relationships, plans, future growth and future performance, including statements about the proposed acquisition of the RevWorks business, the anticipated benefits of the proposed acquisition of the RevWorks business, and the expected timing of the proposed acquisition of the RevWorks business, are forward-looking statements. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, designed, may, plan, predict, project, would and similar expressions or variations, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events as of the date hereof and any forward-looking statements contained herein should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Subsequent events and developments, including actual results or changes in our assumptions, may cause our views to change. While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions, projections, or expectations prove incorrect, actual results, performance, financial condition, or events may vary materially and adversely from those anticipated, estimated, or expected. Our actual results and outcomes could differ materially from those included in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to risks related to the satisfaction of the conditions to closing the acquisition of the RevWorks business in the anticipated timeframe or at all, risks that the expected benefits from the proposed acquisition of the RevWorks business will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period, the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully, significant transaction costs, unknown or understated liabilities, as well as the factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and any other periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Contacts: Investor Relations Atif Rahim R1 RCM Inc. 312-324-5476 investorrelations@r1rcm.com Media Relations Natalie Joslin 678.585.1206 media@r1rcm.com

Kratos Receives $3.3 Million Sole-Source Contract for Production of Jet Drone Target Aircraft and Related Systems SAN DIEGO, Oct. 11, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq:KTOS), a leading National Security Solutions provider, announced today that its Unmanned Systems Division has been awarded a $3.3 million contract for 10 production jet target drone aircraft and related systems. This order represents a periodic recurring need/request for Kratos target systems as part of a multi-year basic ordering agreement with this key international customer. Kratos is a leading provider of high performance unmanned aerial drone systems for threat representative target missions to exercise weapon, radar, and other systems; and tactical aerial drone systems for strike/ISR and force multiplication missions. Work under this contract award will be performed primarily at the Kratos Unmanned Systems Division production facilities in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Due to competitive, customer related and other considerations, no additional information will be provided related to this new contract award. Steve Fendley, President of Kratos Unmanned Systems Division, said, As our Oklahoma City facility has established and ramped up production capability based on our forecasts, these recurring production orders validate our planning and enable the machine to be in full swing. We are excited to increase our production rates in Oklahoma City, and are fully committed to supporting our international customer base in addition to our domestic customers. About Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTOS) develops and fields transformative, affordable technology, platforms and systems for United States National Security related customers, allies and commercial enterprises. Kratos is changing the way breakthrough technology for these industries are rapidly brought to market through proven commercial and venture capital backed approaches, including proactive research and streamlined development processes. Kratos specializes in unmanned systems, satellite communications, cyber security/warfare, microwave electronics, missile defense, hypersonic systems, training, combat systems and next generation turbo jet and turbo fan engine development. For more information go to www.KratosDefense.com. Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of Kratos and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Kratos undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although Kratos believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements involve many risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from what may be expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. For a further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the business of Kratos in general, see the risk disclosures in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kratos for the year ended December 30, 2018, and in subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and other filings made with the SEC by Kratos. Press Contact: Yolanda White 858-812-7302 Direct Investor Information: 877-934-4687 investor@kratosdefense.com

SITO Mobile Completes 1-for-10 Reverse Stock Split in Preparation for Uplisting to NASDAQ JERSEY CITY, N.J., July 30, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- SITO Mobile Ltd. (OTCQB:SITO) (OTCQB:SITOD), a leading mobile engagement platform provider, announced today that it has effected a 1-for-10 reverse split of its issued and outstanding common stock (the "Reverse Split"), which will be effective July 30, 2015 as a key step in preparation for its planned uplisting to the NASDAQ Capital Market. "This transaction helps us meet the stock price criteria for our planned uplisting to Nasdaq. We are pleased to have completed the reverse stock split, which we believe will generate better liquidity and attract more investors to our story," said Jerry Hug, CEO of SITO Mobile. As of today, the Company's common stock will begin trading on a post-split basis, under the symbol "SITOD," with the "D" added for 20 trading days to signify that a reverse stock split has occurred. A new CUSIP number 82988R203 has been assigned to the Company's common stock as a result of the reverse split. Following the reverse split, every ten shares of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock will be automatically combined and converted into one issued and outstanding share of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share. The total issued and outstanding common shares will be reduced from approximately 163.42 million shares to approximately 16.34 million, subject to adjustment for fractional shares. No fractional shares are to be issued. About SITO Mobile Ltd. SITO Mobile provides a mobile engagement platform that enables brands to increase awareness, loyalty and ultimately sales. For more information visit www.sitomobile.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, our reliance on brand owners and wireless carriers, the possible need for additional capital as well other risks identified in our filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this press release is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Investor and Media Relations: Robert Haag IRTH Communications sito@irthcommunications.com 866-976-4784

Associated Banc-Corp Announces Stock Repurchase Program GREEN BAY, Wis., Dec. 10, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Associated Banc-Corp (NYSE: ASB) ("Associated") today authorized the repurchase of up to $150 million of Associated's common stock. This repurchase authorization is in addition to the previously authorized repurchases. There remains approximately $35 million under the previous authorizations, such that there is now approximately $185 million authorized in the aggregate. Repurchases under such authorizations are subject to any necessary regulatory approvals and other limitations and may occur from time to time in open market purchases, block transactions, private transactions, accelerated share repurchases, or similar facilities. ABOUT ASSOCIATED BANC-CORP Associated Banc-Corp (NYSE: ASB) has total assets of $33 billion and is one of the top 50, publicly traded, U.S. bank holding companies. Headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin, Associated is a leading Midwest banking franchise, offering a full range of financial products and services from more than 240 banking locations serving more than 120 communities throughout Wisconsin, Illinois and Minnesota, and commercial financial services in Indiana, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio and Texas. Associated Bank, N.A. is an Equal Housing Lender, Equal Opportunity Lender and Member FDIC. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements made in this document which are not purely historical are forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This includes any statements regarding management's plans, objectives, or goals for future operations, products or services, and forecasts of its revenues, earnings, or other measures of performance. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "plan", "estimate", "should", "will", "intend", "outlook", or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current management expectations and, by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in such forward-looking statements include those identified in the Company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. Such factors are incorporated herein by reference. Investor Contact: Robb Timme, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations 920-491-7059 Media Contact: Jennifer Kaminski, Vice President, Public Relations Manager 920-491-7576 SOURCE Associated Banc-Corp Related Links www.associatedbank.com

The Tile Shop Reports Third Quarter 2019 Results; Suspends Dividend; Cancels Share Repurchase Program MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 22, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: TTS) (the Company ), a specialty retailer of natural stone and man-made tiles, setting and maintenance materials, and related accessories, today announced results for its third quarter ended September 30, 2019. Third Quarter Summary Net Sales Decreased 3.7% Comparable Store Sales Decreased 3.5% Gross Margin of 68.8% Net Loss of $1.4 million; Adjusted EBITDA of $8.3 million Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (unaudited, amounts in thousands, except per September 30, September 30, share data) 2019 2018 2019 2018 Net sales $ 85,944 $ 89,259 $ 261,755 $ 273,307 Net sales (decline) growth(1) (3.7 )% 5.7 % (4.2 )% 2.7 % Comparable store sales (decline) growth(2) (3.5 )% 2.1 % (4.0 )% (2.3 )% Gross margin rate 68.8 % 70.6 % 69.7 % 70.4 % (Loss) income from operations as a % of net sales (0.7 )% 4.3 % 1.2 % 6.4 % Net (loss) income $ (1,383 ) $ 2,553 $ (217 ) $ 11,522 Net (loss) income per diluted share $ (0.03 ) $ 0.05 $ (0.00 ) $ 0.22 Adjusted EBITDA $ 8,338 $ 11,857 $ 29,756 $ 40,675 Adjusted EBITDA as a % of net sales 9.7 % 13.3 % 11.4 % 14.9 % Number of stores open at the end of period 140 140 140 140 (1) As compared to the prior year period. (2) Comparable store sales (decline) growth is the percentage change in sales of comparable stores period over period. A store is considered comparable on the first day of the 13th full month of operation. When a store is relocated, it is excluded from the comparable store sales (decline) growth calculation. Comparable store sales (decline) growth amounts include total charges to customers less any actual returns. Comparable store sales data reported by other companies may be prepared on a different basis and therefore may not be useful for purposes of comparing the Company s results to those of other businesses. THIRD QUARTER 2019 Net Sales Net sales decreased $3.3 million, or 3.7%, from $89.3 million in the third quarter of 2018 to $85.9 million in the third quarter of 2019. Comparable store sales decreased $3.1 million, or 3.5%, for the third quarter of 2019 compared to the third quarter of 2018 primarily due to lower customer traffic. Net sales generated by stores not included in the comparable store base decreased $0.2 million. Gross Profit Gross profit decreased $3.8 million, or 6.1%, from $63.0 million in the third quarter of 2018 to $59.2 million in the third quarter of 2019. The gross margin rate was 68.8% for the third quarter of 2019 and 70.6% for the third quarter of 2018. The decrease in the gross margin rate during the third quarter of 2019 was primarily due to higher levels of shrink and damaged inventory write-offs combined with a lower freight collection rate. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $0.7 million, or 1.1%, from $59.1 million in the third quarter of 2018 to $59.8 million in the third quarter of 2019. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was driven primarily by an increase in advertising costs, partially offset by a decrease in legal expense and variable store compensation expense. Inventory Inventory decreased 9.1% to $100.1 million at the end of the third quarter of 2019 from $110.1 million at the end of the fourth quarter of 2018. Long-Term Debt Long-term debt increased $10.0 million from $53.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 to $63.0 million at the end of the third quarter of 2019. The increase reflects additional amounts drawn on the line of credit to fund share repurchases in the second quarter of 2019. Dividend and Share Repurchase The Board of Directors decided to suspend the Company s quarterly cash dividend and cancel the Company s share repurchase program, each effective immediately, to focus on debt reduction and continued investment in strategic initiatives. Director Resignation Christopher T. Cook resigned from the Board of Directors effective October 19, 2019. NON-GAAP INFORMATION Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter of 2019 was $8.3 million compared with $11.9 million for the third quarter of 2018. See the table below for a reconciliation of GAAP net (loss) income to Adjusted EBITDA. Three Months Ended ($ in thousands) September 30, 2019 % of net sales(1) 2018 % of net sales Net (loss) income $ (1,383 ) (1.6 )% $ 2,553 2.9 % Interest expense 1,027 1.2 % 715 0.8 % Income taxes (274 ) (0.3 )% 652 0.7 % Depreciation & amortization 8,308 9.7 % 7,202 8.1 % Stock based compensation 660 0.8 % 735 0.8 % Adjusted EBITDA $ 8,338 9.7 % $ 11,857 13.3 % Nine Months Ended ($ in thousands) September 30, 2019 % of net sales(1) 2018 % of net sales Net (loss) income $ (217 ) (0.1 )% $ 11,522 4.2 % Interest expense 2,948 1.1 % 1,866 0.7 % Income taxes 348 0.1 % 4,157 1.5 % Depreciation & amortization 24,508 9.4 % 21,180 7.7 % Stock based compensation 2,169 0.8 % 1,950 0.7 % Adjusted EBITDA $ 29,756 11.4 % $ 40,675 14.9 % (1) Amounts do not foot due to rounding. Pretax Return on Capital Employed Pretax Return on Capital Employed was 1.7% for the trailing twelve months as of the end of the third quarter of 2019 compared to 7.7% for the trailing twelve months as of the end of the third quarter of 2018. See the table below for a calculation of Pretax Return on Capital Employed. ($ in thousands) September 30, 2019(1) 2018(1) Income from Operations (trailing twelve months) $ 3,762 $ 13,769 Total Assets 389,561 281,996 Less: Accounts payable (25,280 ) (29,015 ) Less: Income tax payable (72 ) (71 ) Less: Other accrued liabilities (26,119 ) (26,751 ) Less: Lease liability(2) (114,490 ) (42,401 ) Less: Other long-term liabilities (3,669 ) (4,346 ) Capital Employed 219,931 179,412 Pretax Return on Capital Employed 1.7 % 7.7 % (1) Income statement accounts represent the activity for the trailing twelve months ended as of each of the balance sheet dates. Balance sheet accounts represent the average account balance for the four quarters ended as of each of the balance sheet dates. (2) Represents the average lease liability and deferred rent account balances for the four quarters ended as of each of the balance sheet dates. Webcast and Conference Call The Company will not hold its previously scheduled third quarter 2019 earnings call at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time today, Tuesday, October 22, 2019. About The Tile Shop The Tile Shop (Nasdaq:TTS) is a leading specialty retailer of natural stone and man-made tiles, setting and maintenance materials, and related accessories in the United States. The Tile Shop offers a wide selection of high-quality products, exclusive designs, knowledgeable staff and exceptional customer service in an extensive showroom environment. Each store is outfitted with full-room tiled displays which are enhanced by the complimentary Design Studio, a collaborative platform to create customized 3D design renderings to scale, allowing customers to bring their design ideas to life. The Tile Shop currently operates 141 stores in 31 states and the District of Columbia. The Tile Shop is a proud member of the American Society of Interior Designers (ASID), National Association of Homebuilders (NAHB), National Kitchen and Bath Association (NKBA), and the National Tile Contractors Association (NTCA). Visit www.tileshop.com . Join The Tile Shop (#thetileshop) on Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest and Twitter. Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Company calculates Adjusted EBITDA by taking net income calculated in accordance with GAAP, and adjusting for interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and stock based compensation. Adjusted EBITDA margin is equal to Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. The Company calculates Pretax Return on Capital Employed by taking income from operations divided by capital employed. Capital employed equals total assets less accounts payable, income taxes payable, other accrued liabilities, deferred rent, lease liability and other long-term liabilities. Other companies may calculate both Adjusted EBITDA and Pretax Return on Capital Employed differently, limiting the usefulness of these measures for comparative purposes. The Company believes that these non-GAAP measures of financial results provide useful information to management and investors regarding certain financial and business trends relating to the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Company management uses these non-GAAP measures to compare Company performance to that of prior periods for trend analyses, for purposes of determining management incentive compensation, for budgeting and planning purposes, and for assessing the effectiveness of capital allocation over time. These measures are used in monthly financial reports prepared for management and the Board of Directors. The Company believes that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing the Company s financial measures with other specialty retailers, many of which present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors. Company management does not consider these non-GAAP measures in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP. The principal limitations of these non-GAAP financial measures are that they exclude significant expenses and income that are required by GAAP to be recognized in the Company s consolidated financial statements. In addition, they are subject to inherent limitations as they reflect the exercise of judgments by management about which expenses and income are excluded or included in determining these non-GAAP financial measures. In order to compensate for these limitations, management presents non-GAAP financial measures in connection with GAAP results. The Company urges investors to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures and not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate the business. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release includes forward looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as anticipate , believe , expect , estimate , plan , outlook , and project and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward looking statements include any statements regarding the Company s strategic and operational plan and expected financial performance. Forward looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made and/or management s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward looking statements, including but not limited to unforeseen events that may affect the retail market or the performance of the Company s stores. The Company does not intend, and undertakes no duty, to update this information to reflect future events or circumstances. Investors are referred to the most recent reports filed with the SEC by the Company. Contacts: Investors and Media: Mark Davis 763-852-2978 mark.davis@tileshop.com Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets ($ in thousands, except share data) (Unaudited) (Audited) September 30, December 31, 2019 2018 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 8,371 $ 5,557 Restricted cash 825 825 Receivables, net 4,611 3,084 Inventories 100,080 110,095 Income tax receivable 3,854 3,548 Other current assets, net 7,042 7,181 Total Current Assets 124,783 130,290 Property, plant and equipment, net 137,151 158,356 Right of use asset 143,789 - Deferred tax assets 5,385 7,225 Other assets 1,251 1,759 Total Assets $ 412,359 $ 297,630 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 19,855 $ 25,853 Income tax payable 13 179 Current portion of lease liability 26,653 - Other accrued liabilities 25,871 24,484 Total Current Liabilities 72,392 50,516 Long-term debt 63,000 53,000 Long-term lease liability, net 138,489 - Financing lease obligation, net 317 436 Deferred rent - 43,579 Other long-term liabilities 3,482 3,752 Total Liabilities 277,680 151,283 Stockholders Equity: Common stock, par value $0.0001; authorized: 100,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding: 50,812,054 and 52,707,879 shares, respectively 5 5 Preferred stock, par value $0.0001; authorized: 10,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding: 0 shares - - Additional paid-in-capital 156,037 172,255 Accumulated deficit (21,272 ) (25,857 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (91 ) (56 ) Total Stockholders' Equity 134,679 146,347 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity $ 412,359 $ 297,630 Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations ($ in thousands, except share, and per share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2019 2018 2019 2018 Net sales $ 85,944 $ 89,259 $ 261,755 $ 273,307 Cost of sales 26,775 26,248 79,384 80,946 Gross profit 59,169 63,011 182,371 192,361 Selling, general and administrative expenses 59,804 59,131 179,314 174,928 (Loss) income from operations (635 ) 3,880 3,057 17,433 Interest expense (1,027 ) (715 ) (2,948 ) (1,866 ) Other income 5 40 22 112 (Loss) income before income taxes (1,657 ) 3,205 131 15,679 Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 274 (652 ) (348 ) (4,157 ) Net (loss) income $ (1,383 ) $ 2,553 $ (217 ) $ 11,522 (Loss) income per common share: Basic $ (0.03 ) $ 0.05 $ (0.00 ) $ 0.22 Diluted $ (0.03 ) $ 0.05 $ (0.00 ) $ 0.22 Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 49,769,739 51,920,830 50,901,289 51,896,678 Diluted 49,769,739 52,303,777 50,901,289 52,056,136 Dividends declared per share $ 0.05 $ 0.05 $ 0.15 $ 0.15 Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries Rate Analysis (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2019 2018 2019 2018 Gross margin rate 68.8 % 70.6 % 69.7 % 70.4 % SG&A expense rate 69.6 % 66.2 % 68.5 % 64.0 % (Loss) income from operations margin rate (0.7 )% 4.3 % 1.2 % 6.4 % Adjusted EBITDA margin rate 9.7 % 13.3 % 11.4 % 14.9 % Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ($ in thousands) (Unaudited)

Ad Practitioners Announces Acquisition of MONEY.COM DORADO, Puerto Rico, Oct. 22, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Ad Practitioners, LLC has acquired MONEY.COM and related assets (MONEY), a trusted source of financial advice since 1972, from Meredith Corporation (NYSE: MDP). Whether refinancing a home, shopping for a yoga mat, insuring a car, or saving for retirement, consumers rely on Ad Practitioners to connect them with the products and services that enrich, de-risk and simplify their lives. The acquisition of MONEY further strengthens Ad Practitioners' ability to serve its audience by adding a trusted and historic voice to its portfolio of digital brands. "We are incredibly excited to open a new chapter in MONEY's almost 50-year conversation with consumers," said Gregory Powel, CEO of Ad Practitioners. "As a lifelong reader and fan of MONEY, I'm committed to investing in this iconic brand and realizing its full potential." Meredith Chief Development Officer John Zieser added, "We are pleased to find a great home for the MONEY brand and wish all parties great success under the new ownership." Ad Practitioners was represented by Pietrantoni Mendez & Alvarez LLC and The Jordan, Edmiston Group. Meredith Corporation was represented by Cooley and Citi. J.P. Morgan provided financing. Financial terms were not disclosed. ABOUT AD PRACTITIONERS LLCFounded in 2016, Ad Practitioners matches world-class brands with engaged audiences across over 150 categories, from personal finance, health, home, and lifestyle to insurance, software and beyond. The Company owns a portfolio of digital brands, including ConsumersAdvocate.org. Ad Practitioners is headquartered in Dorado, Puerto Rico. For more information, please visit www.adpractitioners.com ABOUT MONEYMONEY is a digital source of personal stories, candid conversations, and useful information about money and the way it affects our lives. With a nearly 50-year legacy of providing trustworthy advice on every aspect of personal finance, MONEY helps its readers lead a richer life in every sense of the word. Signature franchises include a bevy of Best-In categories such as Best Colleges, Best in Travel, Best Banks, Best Credit Cards, and Best Places to Live, with an aim to capitalize on your finances and promote your well-being. Learn more at MONEY.com. ABOUT MEREDITH CORPORATIONMeredith Corporation has been committed to service journalism for more than 115 years. Meredith uses multiple distribution platforms including broadcast television, print, digital, mobile and video to provide consumers with content they desire and to deliver the messages of its advertising and marketing partners. Meredith's National Media Group reaches more than 190 million unduplicated American consumers every month, including over 90 percent of U.S. millennial women. Meredith is the No. 1 magazine operator in the U.S. and owner of the largest premium content digital network for American consumers. Meredith's Local Media Group includes 17 television stations, reaching 11 percent of U.S. households. SOURCE Meredith Corporation. SOURCE Ad Practitioners LLC Related Links https://www.adpractitioners.com/

Geronimo Energy and Big Rivers Electric Corporation Announce Power Purchase Agreement for 160 MW MISO Kentucky Solar Project Unbridled Solar is currently the largest solar project development in the state of Kentucky MINNEAPOLIS, May 28, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Geronimo Energy (Geronimo), a National Grid company, and Big Rivers Electric Corporation (Big Rivers) announced today the execution of a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) for the Unbridled Solar Project (Unbridled Solar) in Henderson and Webster Counties, Kentucky. Unbridled Solar is a 160 megawatt (MW) clean solar energy project located in the Midcontinent Independent System Operator (MISO) market. (PRNewsfoto/Geronimo Energy) "Big Rivers is excited to add this renewable energy source to our portfolio for the sole benefit of our Member-Owners," said Bob Berry, President and CEO of Big Rivers Electric Corporation. "This is another example of our commitment to provide safe, reliable and sustainable energy to our Members." Anticipated to begin operations at the end of 2023, Unbridled Solar is currently the largest solar project development in the state of Kentucky. Using the United States' Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) greenhouse gas equivalencies calculator, the project is estimated to offset carbon dioxide emissions by 255,000 metric tons annually. "Geronimo Energy has a long-term commitment to the State of Kentucky," stated David Reamer, President for Geronimo Energy. "We have established roots in the southeastern region of the United States, and together with Big Rivers Electric Corporation, we are expanding upon this foundation to bring farmer-friendly and economically beneficial renewable energy to local and statewide Kentucky communities and economies."The associated economic benefits projected to result from Unbridled Solar total an estimated $9 million throughout the first 20 years of operation, including positive impacts in new tax revenue, construction jobs, new full-time jobs, and charitable funds through the project's Education Fund. The Unbridled Solar Education Fund alone will provide approximately $640,000 in donations to the local school districts connected to the project above and beyond all tax revenue and local spending benefits."This power purchase agreement is encouraging news for Henderson County," said Brad Schneider, Henderson County Judge-Executive. "It will enhance our community's efforts to land new industries that require a proven renewable energy source to help supply their plants. Constructing the solar facilities Geronimo needs to supply that power will mean jobs for local contractors and their teams, and Henderson County's willingness to embrace and utilize new technologies will hopefully convince other businesses with products or ideas on the cutting edge to locate here. Congratulations Geronimo and Big Rivers Electric Corporation! Welcome to our corner of Kentucky." "I think Big Rivers Electric Corporation has selected an outstanding company. Geronimo Energy has a reputation for being a great community partner," stated Stephen R. Henry, Webster County Judge Executive. "I look forward to working with their team to see what opportunities can be generated for our area because of this project. With agriculture being so important to us all, I am glad to get a farmer-friendly company like Geronimo.""This contract with Big Rivers Electric Corporation furthers National Grid's and Geronimo Energy's collective mission to reduce carbon emissions and accelerate a clean energy future," said Daniel Westerman, President, Distributed & Renewable Energy for National Grid. "For community members and Big Rivers Electric Corporation, this project represents a significant step forward in combatting climate change and diversifying the local electric generator portfolio."About Geronimo EnergyGeronimo Energy, a National Grid (NYSE: NGG) company, is a leading North American renewable energy development company based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, with satellite offices located throughout multiple states in the regions where it develops, constructs, and operates. As a farmer-friendly and community driven company, Geronimo develops projects for corporations and utilities that seek to repower America's grid by reigniting local economies and reinvesting in a sustainable future. Geronimo has developed over 2,400 megawatts of wind and solar projects that are either operational or currently under construction, resulting in an investment of over $4 billion in critical energy infrastructure and the revitalization of rural economies. Geronimo has a vast development pipeline of wind and solar projects in various stages of development throughout the United States. Please visit www.geronimoenergy.com to learn more.About Big Rivers Electric CorporationBig Rivers Electric Corporation is an electric generation and transmission cooperative headquartered in Henderson, Kentucky and owned by three distribution cooperative members Jackson Purchase Energy Corporation, headquartered in Paducah; Kenergy Corp, headquartered in Henderson; and Meade County Rural Electric Cooperative Corporation, headquartered in Brandenburg. These member cooperatives deliver retail electric power and energy to more than 118,000 residential, commercial, and industrial customers in portions of 22 western Kentucky counties. Contact: Lindsay T. Smith Geronimo Energy 8400 Normandale Lake Boulevard Suite 1200 Bloomington, MN 55437 952.358.5672, [email protected] SOURCE Geronimo Energy Related Links http://www.geronimoenergy.com

Endurance International Group Announces $40 Million Share Repurchase Authorization BURLINGTON, Mass., March 10, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: EIGI), a leading provider of cloud-based platform solutions designed to help small and medium-sized businesses succeed online, today announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $40 million of common stock on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Endurance will determine the timing and amount of shares repurchased, if any, depending on its evaluation of market and other conditions. The company expects to fund any repurchases using cash on hand and cash generated from operations. The share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this press release regarding Endurance s intention to repurchase shares of its common stock from time to time under the share repurchase program and the expected source of funding for the program are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual events to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These include, among others, the prevailing market price of the company's stock from time to time, the nature of other investment opportunities presented to the company from time to time, the company's cash flows from operations, general economic and market conditions, and other risks and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the SEC, including those set forth under the caption Risk Factors in the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020 and other reports the company files with the SEC. About Endurance International Group Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq:EIGI) helps millions of small businesses worldwide with products and technology to enhance their online web presence, email marketing, business solutions, and more. The Endurance family of brands includes: Constant Contact, Bluehost, HostGator, Domain.com and SiteBuilder, among others. Headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts, Endurance employs over 3,700 people across the United States, Brazil, India and the Netherlands. For more information, visit: www.endurance.com . Endurance International Group and the compass logo are trademarks of The Endurance International Group, Inc. Constant Contact, the Constant Contact logo and other brand names of Endurance International Group are trademarks of The Endurance International Group, Inc. or its subsidiaries. Investor Contact: Angela White Endurance International Group (781) 852-3450 ir@endurance.com Press Contact: Kristen Andrews Endurance International Group (781) 418-6716 press@endurance.com

Community Bankers Trust Corporation Announces Share Repurchase Program and Increase in Quarterly Dividend RICHMOND, Va., Jan. 22, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Community Bankers Trust Corporation (NASDAQ: ESXB), the holding company for Essex Bank, announced today that its Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to 1,000,000 shares of its common stock through January 2021. Shares of common stock may be purchased under the program periodically in privately negotiated transactions or in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, and pursuant to a trading plan in accordance with applicable securities laws. The Company also announced that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.05 per share with respect to the Company's outstanding common stock. The dividend will be payable on March 2, 2020 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 20, 2020. The dividend amount payable in March 2020 is an additional $0.01 increase over the amount of the dividend previously paid at the beginning of 2020. Rex L. Smith, III, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "We are very pleased to put in place a stock repurchase plan and, at the same time, to increase the amount of our dividend for the second straight quarter. As we have continuously stated, our focus remains on long-term growth and value for our shareholders, and these two actions are meaningful steps to that end to start the new year. We will continue to develop and implement our key strategies, through organic growth, internal initiatives and external opportunities, including merger and acquisition and other business combination prospects." The actual means and timing of any purchases, target number of shares and prices or range of prices under the repurchase program, which the Company will determine in its discretion, will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company's common stock, share issuances under the Company's equity plans, general market and economic conditions and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The Company's Board of Directors may modify, amend or terminate the program at any time. There is no assurance that the Company will purchase any shares under the program. About Community Bankers Trust Corporation and Essex Bank Community Bankers Trust Corporation is the holding company for Essex Bank, a Virginia state bank with 24 full-service offices, 18 of which are in Virginia and six of which are in Maryland. The Bank also operates two loan production offices. Additional information on the Bank is available on the Bank's website at www.essexbank.com. For information on Community Bankers Trust Corporation, please visit its website at www.cbtrustcorp.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements about the Company's share repurchases, payment of dividends and strategic plans and objectives. These statements are made on the basis of the Company's views and assumptions as of this time, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance, and actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. Investors should consult the periodic and other reports that the Company files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (including the information set forth under the caption "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018) for information about certain factors, risks and uncertainities that could cause such differences. Copies of these filings may be obtained by visiting the Company's website at www.cbtrustcorp.com. SOURCE Community Bankers Trust Corporation Related Links http://www.cbtrustcorp.com

Dana Wins Contract to Supply All-Wheel-Drive Axle for New Volkswagen Crafter Van Company Continues to Provide Advanced Driveline Solutions that Balance Performance, Efficiency BIRMINGHAM, England, March 5, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Dana Incorporated (NYSE: DAN) is supplying its Spicer AdvanTEK M180 all-wheel-drive axle to the new, award-winning Volkswagen Crafter 4 Motion panel van. The axle manufactured at Dana's Birmingham, England, facility provides exceptional reliability, durability, comfort, and efficiency in a compact design to meet stringent performance requirements throughout the Crafter's anticipated long service life and high-mileage city driving. "Dana's advanced driveline solutions such as the Spicer AdvanTEK series and SmartConnect disconnecting all-wheel-drive technology have built upon Dana's history of being a technology leader in Europe and around the world," said James Kamsickas, Dana president and CEO. "Leveraging our foundation of world-class engineers and more than 10,000 patents over our history, Dana has dramatically increased customer satisfaction through class-leading technologies and operational excellence. These focused efforts have significantly contributed to dramatic revenue growth and an increase of pre-tax earnings of 46 percent over the past three years." A key feature of the axle is its advanced electronic-locking differential. As part of the complete system design, the robust four-pinion rear-locking differential incorporates an electric solenoid with an electronic position sensor to lock the wheels together for improved traction and stability. Dana was responsible for ensuring the locking differential application software met Volkswagen's demanding functional safety requirements. For added convenience, drivers can turn the system on and off with the touch of a button when improved traction is desired. "Our team worked closely with Volkswagen from start to finish to develop and launch the best solution for the all-new Crafter 4 Motion. We are proud to be part of this vehicle, the 2017 International Van of the Year," said Christophe Dominiak, senior vice president and chief technology officer of Dana. "The new axle on the Volkswagen Crafter is a great example of Dana's leadership in efficient all-wheel-drive integration technologies and our ability to partner with our customers to provide them the solution they need to meet ever-changing market demands." The company also launched its Spicer AdvanTEK M250 rear axle also manufactured in Birmingham, England for rear-wheel-drive versions of the VW Crafter. This axle is designed to handle heavier payloads while providing optimal traction and power density, even when the vehicle is fully loaded. About Dana Incorporated Dana is a world leader in highly engineered solutions for improving the efficiency, performance, and sustainability of powered vehicles and machinery. Dana supports the passenger vehicle, commercial truck, and off-highway markets, as well as industrial and stationary equipment applications. Founded in 1904, Dana employs more than 30,000 people in 33 countries on six continents who are committed to delivering long-term value to customers. The company reported sales of more than $7.2 billion in 2017. Based in Maumee, Ohio, USA, Dana is ranked among the Drucker Institute's listing of the 250 most effectively managed companies. For more information, please visit dana.com. SOURCE Dana Incorporated Related Links http://www.dana.com

Hughes Awarded Contract by Boeing to Develop Protected Tactical Enterprise Service Hughes to participate in developing mission management system and joint hub for USAF's $383M Next Generation SATCOM Ground System GERMANTOWN, Md., April 10, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Hughes Network Systems, LLC (HUGHES), the global leader in broadband satellite networks and services, today announced it has been awarded a contract from Boeing to develop mission management, system control, networking and ground hub capabilities in support of an anti-jam satellite communications capability for the Air Force's Protected Tactical Enterprise Service (PTES) program. The PTES program will provide tactical warfighters with a joint ground platform designed to deliver protected communications services through the Wideband Global Satcom (WGS) satellite constellation, commercial satellites and in the future, the DoD's Protected Tactical Satellites running the Protected Tactical Waveform (PTW). Hughes will design PTES sub-systems to support these tactical capabilities in the first phase of Protected Anti-Jam Tactical Satcom (PATS). "Hughes is developing a state-of-the-art, containerized software design for PTES data, control and management functions with scalable architecture to enable the use of advanced artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques," said Dr. Rajeev Gopal, vice president and Hughes program manager for PTES. The PTES technology developments will use an Agile Project Management approach required under the PTES contract. The contract work was initiated in late 2018 and is expected to run through 2025. "Hughes looks forward to working with Boeing and the USAF in applying its more than four decades of experience in developing SATCOM networks and management systems for commercial and government enterprise applications," said Rick Lober, vice president and general manager of Hughes Defense and Intelligence Systems Division (DISD). "Hughes is committed to building and supporting secure global communications networks, and our team is dedicated to helping provide the DoD a highly resilient, tactical network that will enable mission success in contested environments." For more information on Hughes Defense and Intelligence Systems, visit defense.hughes.com About Hughes Network SystemsHughes Network Systems, LLC (HUGHES) is the global leader in broadband satellite technology and services for home and office. Its flagship high-speed satellite Internet service is HughesNet , the world's largest satellite network with over 1.3 million residential and business customers across the Americas. For large enterprises and governments, the company's HughesON managed network services provide complete connectivity solutions employing an optimized mix of satellite and terrestrial technologies. The JUPITER System is the world's most widely deployed High-Throughput Satellite (HTS) platform, operating on more than 20 satellites by leading service providers, delivering a wide range of broadband enterprise, mobility and cellular backhaul applications. To date, Hughes has shipped more than 7 million terminals of all types to customers in over 100 countries, representing approximately 50 percent market share, and its technology is powering broadband services to aircraft around the world. Headquartered outside Washington, D.C., in Germantown, Maryland, USA, Hughes operates sales and support offices worldwide, and is a wholly owned subsidiary of EchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ: SATS), a premier global provider of satellite operations. For additional information about Hughes, please visit www.hughes.com and follow @HughesConnects on Twitter. About EchoStarEchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ: SATS) is a premier global provider of satellite communication solutions. Headquartered in Englewood, Colo., and conducting business around the globe, EchoStar is a pioneer in secure communications technologies through its Hughes Network Systems and EchoStar Satellite Services business segments. For more information, visit www.echostar.com. Follow @EchoStar on Twitter. 2019 Hughes Network Systems, LLC, an EchoStar company. Hughes and HughesNet are registered trademarks and JUPITER is a trademark of Hughes Network Systems, LLC. SOURCE Hughes Network Systems, LLC Related Links http://www.hns.com

Akari Therapeutics Announces Positive Topline Results from Fully Recruited Phase II Study of Nomacopan in Bullous Pemphigoid Patients Study achieved primary endpoint of no drug-related serious adverse events and main secondary efficacy endpoints with 7 of the 9 treated patients showing a rapid and clinically significant reduction in Bullous Pemphigoid Disease Area Index (BPDAI) score Nomacopan has potential to replace long term steroid treatment (standard of care), which has multiple adverse effects in this elderly and frail population Nomacopan granted orphan drug designation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of BP in September 2019 Expect to meet with the FDA and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) to discuss pivotal trial design in third quarter 2020 NEW YORK and LONDON, May 01, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Akari Therapeutics, Plc (Nasdaq: AKTX), a biopharmaceutical company focused on innovative therapeutics to treat orphan autoimmune and inflammatory diseases where the complement and/or leukotriene systems are implicated, announces that it achieved the primary and secondary endpoints for nomacopan in its fully recruited Phase II trial in BP and is planning to discuss Phase III pivotal study designs with the FDA and EMA. The role of both the leukotriene and complement pathways has been well documented in BP and the rapid clinical response and good safety profile seen in this phase II study was extremely positive given nomacopan s unique bi functional inhibition of both C5 and LTB4, commented Clive Richardson, Chief Executive Officer of Akari Therapeutics. Our next steps are to work closely with U.S. and European regulators in order to secure a clear path forward to a pivotal trial for this severe orphan disease which has significant unmet clinical need and is a potential gateway to other dermatological conditions. Christian Sadik, M.D., lead investigator from the Department of Dermatology, University of Lubeck, Germany, commented, Clinicians continue to seek an effective treatment for BP that can be administered in outpatient settings and minimize the use of steroids, which often cause significant clinical complications in this at risk population. I am therefore delighted by the promising results of Akari s Phase II trial in BP which shows rapid efficacy, similar to potent steroids, but with the advantage of being well tolerated, and possessing a good safety profile. Summary of Topline Results of Phase II Study The fully recruited Phase II trial of nomacopan for treatment of mild-to-moderate BP was a six-week open-label single-arm study evaluating safety and efficacy in 9 patients (7 with moderate severity, 2 mild). Patients entering the trial were at their choice permitted to use a low dose of mometasone topically to lesions for up to Day 21 as this was the first study of nomacopan in BP patients. The trial achieved the main efficacy endpoints, which were clinically significant improvements in the Bullous Pemphigoid Disease Area Index (BPDAI) which provides an objective measure of the area of skin affected by inflammatory skin lesions (blisters, erythema and urticaria). Seven out of 9 patients showed a decrease by 4 or more points (deemed a minimal clinically important difference ) in the BPDAI activity score between baseline (Day 1) and Day 42, while 2 patients, both with relapsing disease on admittance to the trial, were non responders. The graph below shows the mean BPDAI activity score over the period of the trial for the 7 of 9 responders with more than a 20 point fall over the 42 day study and a decline in the mean BPDAI index by 29% at day 14, 70% at day 28 and 61% by day 42. In the graph of mean BPDAI activity for the 7 responding patients, one patient experienced a flare in their disease after day 28, which is common in BP where patients are typically treated for 6 months or more with steroids to enable disease control. The two non responders showed worsening disease with an increase in their BPDAI score. The combined mean decline in the BPDAI index for all 9 patients was approximately 40% at day 42. Improvement in BPDAI Index: https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/543b002a-330b-4ba2-adfc-38243356c5ce Note: Nomacopan dosing initiated Day 1. The BPDAI activity score used above is a composite objective measure of the area of skin affected by blisters/erosions, cutaneous urticaria/erythema, mucosal blisters/erosions. Of the 7 responders, 3 showed an 80%+ reduction in BPDAI score and 3 an approximately 40% reduction in BPDAI score within six weeks of starting nomacopan. For the responders, the response on nomacopan was rapid and is similar to what is seen with patients treated on potent oral steroids which is standard of care in the U.S. and parts of Europe for moderate to severe patients. Similarly, under typical standard of care around 20% of BP patients are considered non-responders . Nomacopan, dosed daily by subcutaneous injection, was well tolerated in this frail BP patient population with multiple comorbidities. The primary endpoint was the proportion of participants reporting grade 3, 4 and 5 adverse events, which are related/possibly related to nomacopan. None of the 9 patients reported any grade 3, 4 and 5 treatment related adverse events. The safety profile in BP mirrors over 30 cumulative patient-years of data from patients treated with nomacopan across all conditions in clinical development where the drug has proven well tolerated with no drug-related serious adverse events have been observed to date. A summary of the topline Phase II results of nomacopan for the treatment of BP is available under Presentations in the Investor Relations section of the Company s website at www.akaritx.com. The Company expects to report full data from the Phase II study at the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology (EADV) congress in October 2020. Experts consider that mometasone may stabilize but not improve the symptoms of BP. Mometasone is a short acting, mid strength topical steroid not typically given as a treatment for BP Wijayanti A, Zhao CY, Boettiger D et al. The Reliability, Validity and Responsiveness of Two Disease Scores (BPDAI and ABSIS) for Bullous Pemphigoid: Which One to Use? Acta Derm Venereol. 2017; 97:24-31 Roujeau J-C, Morel P, Dalle E, Guillot B et al. Plasma Exchange in Bullous Pemphigoid. Lancet 1984; 324:486-489 Background on Bullous Pemphigoid (BP) BP is a severe orphan autoimmune inflammatory blistering skin disease with no approved treatments in the U.S. and Europe. This disease, most common in the elderly, is primarily treated with steroids and immunosuppressants for six months or more which bring with them deleterious side effects and an approximately three-fold increase in mortality in the BP treated population. The prevalence of BP is estimated to be over 100,000 patients in U.S. and Europe. In BP patients there is evidence that both terminal complement activation (via complement component C5) and the lipid mediator leukotriene B4 (LTB4) have a central role in driving the disease. Ex vivo data in BP patients, published in the August 2019 edition of JCI Insight [ LINK ], showed a pronounced accumulation of LTB4 and C5 and its activation products in the inflamed skin of BP patients. This underlies the rationale for treatment with nomacopan which is a unique bifunctional inhibitor of both C5 and LTB4 and a range of downstream cytokines. About Akari Therapeutics Akari is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing inhibitors of acute and chronic inflammation, specifically for the treatment of rare and orphan diseases, in particular those where the complement (C5) or leukotriene (LTB4) systems, or both complement and leukotrienes together, play a primary role in disease progression. Akari's lead drug candidate, nomacopan, is a C5 complement inhibitor that also independently and specifically inhibits leukotriene B4 (LTB4) activity. Nomacopan is being clinically evaluated in: bullous pemphigoid (BP), atopic keratoconjunctivitis (AKC), and thrombotic microangiopathy, or TMA. Akari believes that the dual action of nomacopan on both C5 and LTB4 may be beneficial in AKC and BP. Akari is also developing other tick derived proteins, including longer acting versions. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects as reflected in or suggested by those forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that the plans, intentions, expectations or strategies will be attained or achieved. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and will be affected by a variety of risks and factors that are beyond our control. Such risks and uncertainties for our company include, but are not limited to: needs for additional capital to fund our operations, our ability to continue as a going concern; uncertainties of cash flows and inability to meet working capital needs; an inability or delay in obtaining required regulatory approvals for nomacopan and any other product candidates, which may result in unexpected cost expenditures; our ability to obtain orphan drug designation in additional indications; risks inherent in drug development in general; uncertainties in obtaining successful clinical results for nomacopan and any other product candidates and unexpected costs that may result therefrom; difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials; failure to realize any value of nomacopan and any other product candidates developed and being developed in light of inherent risks and difficulties involved in successfully bringing product candidates to market; inability to develop new product candidates and support existing product candidates; the approval by the FDA and EMA and any other similar foreign regulatory authorities of other competing or superior products brought to market; risks resulting from unforeseen side effects; risk that the market for nomacopan may not be as large as expected; risks associated with the outbreak of coronavirus; risks related to material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting and risks relating to the ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; risks associated with the SEC investigation; inability to obtain, maintain and enforce patents and other intellectual property rights or the unexpected costs associated with such enforcement or litigation; inability to obtain and maintain commercial manufacturing arrangements with third party manufacturers or establish commercial scale manufacturing capabilities; the inability to timely source adequate supply of our active pharmaceutical ingredients from third party manufacturers on whom the company depends; unexpected cost increases and pricing pressures and risks and other risk factors detailed in our public filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Except as otherwise noted, these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after this press release. We caution investors not to place considerable reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. For more information Investor Contact: Peter Vozzo Westwicke Partners (443) 213-0505 peter.vozzo@westwicke.com

Centene Awarded Statewide Medicaid Contract In New Mexico ST. LOUIS, Jan. 22, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Centene Corporation (NYSE: CNC) announced today that its New Mexico subsidiary, Western Sky Community Care, has been awarded a statewide contract in New Mexico for the Centennial Care 2.0 Program. The new five-year contract is effective on January 19, 2018 and includes the option to renew for up to an additional three years. Calendar year 2018 will be a readiness year prior to enrolling members on January 1, 2019. The state's current program, Centennial Care, provides integrated Medicaid managed care coverage, including long-term services and supports (LTSS) and behavioral health, to nearly 700,000 Medicaid members in the state. "We look forward to working with the state of New Mexico to build on the success of the existing Centennial Care program," said Michael F. Neidorff, Chairman and CEO for Centene. "We are honored to continue delivering on our mission of providing better health outcomes for New Mexico residents at a lower cost to the state." Centene provides Medicaid managed care programs in 25 states, including three of the largest Medicaid markets, California, Florida and Texas. The company has been serving New Mexico and its tax payers since 2016 through its subsidiary, Centurion, the sole provider of correctional healthcare services in 11 facilities throughout the state. In addition, Centene's subsidiary, Health Net Federal Services, began serving military personnel and their families enrolled in TRICARE on January 1, 2018. "Our robust network is in line with our philosophy of empowering providers through innovative, value-based contracts that allow them to focus on delivering high quality healthcare to Medicaid enrollees. We have established several partnerships with providers throughout New Mexico, including three Native American tribes," said Brent Layton, Executive Vice President and Chief Business Development Officer. About Centene Corporation Centene Corporation, a Fortune 100 company, is a diversified, multi-national healthcare enterprise that provides a portfolio of services to government sponsored and commercial healthcare programs, focusing on under-insured and uninsured individuals. Many receive benefits provided under Medicaid, including the State Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), as well as Aged, Blind or Disabled (ABD), Foster Care and Long Term Care (LTC), in addition to other state-sponsored programs, Medicare (including the Medicare prescription drug benefit commonly known as "Part D"), dual eligible programs and programs with the U.S. Department of Defense and U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. Centene also provides healthcare services to groups and individuals delivered through commercial health plans. Centene operates local health plans and offers a range of health insurance solutions. It also contracts with other healthcare and commercial organizations to provide specialty services including behavioral health management, care management software, correctional healthcare services, dental benefits management, in-home health services, life and health management, managed vision, pharmacy benefits management, specialty pharmacy and telehealth services. Centene uses its investor relations website to publish important information about the Company, including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Centene is routinely posted and is accessible on Centene's investor relations website, http://www.centene.com/investors. Forward-Looking Statements The company and its representatives may from time to time make written and oral forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act ("PSLRA") of 1995, including statements in this and other press releases, in presentations, filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), reports to stockholders and in meetings with investors and analysts. In particular, the information provided in this press release may contain certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business of Centene and certain plans and objectives of Centene with respect thereto, including but not limited to the expected benefits of the acquisition of Health Net, Inc. or Fidelis Care. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. Without limiting the foregoing, forward-looking statements often use words such as "anticipate", "seek", "target", "expect", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "goal", "believe", "hope", "aim", "continue", "will", "may", "can", "would", "could" or "should" or other words of similar meaning or the negative thereof. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in PSLRA. A number of factors, variables or events could cause actual plans and results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, Centene's ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health benefits and other operating expenses and reserves; competition; membership and revenue declines or unexpected trends; changes in healthcare practices, new technologies and advances in medicine; increased healthcare costs; changes in economic, political or market conditions; changes in federal or state laws or regulations, including changes with respect to government healthcare programs as well as changes with respect to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act and any regulations enacted thereunder that may result from changing political conditions; rate cuts or other payment reductions or delays by governmental payors and other risks and uncertainties affecting Centene's government businesses; Centene's ability to adequately price products on federally facilitated and state based Health Insurance Marketplaces; tax matters; disasters or major epidemics; the outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings; changes in expected contract start dates; provider, state, federal and other contract changes and timing of regulatory approval of contracts; the expiration, suspension or termination of Centene's contracts with federal or state governments (including but not limited to Medicaid, Medicare, and TRICARE); the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of pending or future litigation or government investigations; challenges to Centene's contract awards; cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents; the possibility that the expected synergies and value creation from acquired businesses, including, without limitation, the Health Net acquisition and the Fidelis Care acquisition, will not be realized, or will not be realized within the expected time period, including, but not limited to, as a result of conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions imposed by regulators in connection with their approval of, or consent to, the acquisition; the exertion of management's time and Centene's resources, and other expenses incurred and business changes required in connection with complying with the undertakings in connection with certain regulatory approvals for the Health Net acquisition and the Fidelis Care acquisition; disruption from acquisitions, including the Health Net acquisition and the Fidelis Care acquisition, making it more difficult to maintain business and operational relationships; the risk that unexpected costs will be incurred in connection with, among other things, the Health Net acquisition, the Fidelis Care acquisition and/or the successful integration of acquisitions; changes in expected closing dates, estimated purchase price and accretion for acquisitions; the risk that acquired businesses will not be integrated successfully, including the Health Net acquisition and the Fidelis Care acquisition; the risk that the conditions of the Fidelis Care acquisition may not be satisfied or completed on a timely basis, or at all; inability to pursue alternatives to the Fidelis Care acquisition, or the risk that potential competing acquirers of Centene may be discouraged from making favorable alternative transaction proposals due to certain provisions in the Fidelis Care asset purchase agreement; failure to obtain expiration or termination of applicable waiting periods or to receive any required regulatory approvals, consents or clearances for the Fidelis Care acquisition, and the risk that, even if so obtained or received, regulatory authorities impose conditions on the completion of the transaction that could require the exertion of management's time and Centene's resources or otherwise have an adverse effect on Centene or the combined company; business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the Fidelis Care acquisition is pending, which could adversely affect Centene's business and operations; change of control provisions or other provisions in certain agreements to which Fidelis Care is a party, which may be triggered by the completion of the Fidelis Care acquisition; loss of management personnel and other key employees due to uncertainties associated with the Fidelis Care acquisition; the risk that, following completion of the Fidelis Care acquisition, the combined company may not be able to effectively manage its expanded operations; restrictions and limitations that may stem from the financing arrangements that the combined company will enter into in connection with the Fidelis Care acquisition; Centene's ability to achieve improvement in the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Star ratings and maintain or achieve improvement in other quality scores in each case that can impact revenue and future growth; additional indebtedness incurred or equity issued to finance the Fidelis Care acquisition; availability of debt and equity financing, on terms that are favorable to Centene; inflation; foreign currency fluctuations; and risks and uncertainties discussed in the reports that Centene has filed with the SEC. These forward-looking statements reflect Centene's current views with respect to future events and are based on numerous assumptions and assessments made by Centene in light of its experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, business strategies, operating environments, future developments and other factors it believes appropriate. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are subject to change because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. The factors described in the context of such forward-looking statements in this press release could cause Centene's plans with respect to the Health Net acquisition and the Fidelis Care acquisition, actual results, performance or achievements, industry results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Although it is currently believed that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, no assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to have been correct and persons reading this press release are therefore cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date of this press release. Centene does not assume any obligation to update the information contained in this press release (whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise), except as required by applicable law. This list of important factors is not intended to be exhaustive. We discuss certain of these matters more fully, as well as certain other risk factors that may affect Centene's business operations, financial condition and results of operations, in Centene's filings with the SEC, including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. SOURCE Centene Corporation Related Links http://www.centene.com

Annaly Capital Management, Inc. to Acquire MTGE Investment Corp. for $900 million Strategic Transaction is Mutually Beneficial to Shareholders of Both Companies Enhances the Scale and Diversification of Annaly s Unrivaled Investment Platform Accretive to Annaly s Core Earnings Per Share of Common Stock and Aligns with Annaly s Current Risk Profile and Capital Allocation Strategy Provides Immediate and Tangible Cost Savings to Shareholders Increased Equity Base and Access to Capital Supports Continued Growth Reinforces Annaly s Stature as a Market Leader and Industry Consolidator MTGE Shareholders to Have a Cash / Stock Election with Aggregate Transaction Consideration to Consist of Approximately 50% Annaly Shares and Approximately 50% Cash Transaction Expected To Close During the Third Quarter of 2018 NEW YORK & BETHESDA, Md.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Annaly Capital Management, Inc. ( Annaly ) (NYSE:NLY) and MTGE Investment Corp. ( MTGE ) (Nasdaq:MTGE) today announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement under which Annaly will acquire MTGE for consideration to be paid in cash and shares of Annaly common stock, which values MTGE at $19.65 per share of MTGE common stock based upon the closing price of Annaly common stock on April 30, 2018. The value of the consideration represents a premium of approximately 12% to the 60-day volume-weighted average price of MTGE common stock ending on April 30, 2018. Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Annaly will commence an exchange offer to acquire all outstanding shares of MTGE common stock. For each share of MTGE common stock validly tendered in the exchange offer or converted pursuant to the second-step merger described below, MTGE shareholders may elect to receive: (a) $9.82 in cash and 0.9519 shares of Annaly common stock; (b) $19.65 in cash (the Cash Consideration Option ); or (c) 1.9037 shares of Annaly common stock (the Stock Consideration Option ). MTGE shareholders who elect the Cash Consideration Option or Stock Consideration Option will be subject to proration, in each of the exchange offer and the subsequent second step merger, so that the aggregate consideration will consist of approximately 50% of Annaly s common stock and approximately 50% in cash. In addition to the above consideration, Annaly would assume the existing notional $55 million in MTGE 8.125% Series A cumulative redeemable preferred stock. The transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the exchange offer and the merger, have been approved by the Board of Directors of Annaly and approved by the Board of Directors of MTGE upon the recommendation of the Special Committee of the MTGE Board of Directors, which is comprised entirely of independent directors (the MTGE Special Committee ). This transaction is another milestone in Annaly s successful history as a disciplined, market leading consolidator, commented Kevin Keyes, Chairman, CEO and President of Annaly. The acquisition of MTGE adds complementary assets across three of our four businesses, deepens the breadth of our investment alternatives, is accretive to earnings and provides immediate cost savings and efficiencies to shareholders. This strategic acquisition further enhances our capital base to support continued growth of our investment platforms and creates tremendous value for both of our companies shareholders. This marks our third transformative acquisition and solidifies Annaly s position as the market leader in our industry. Randy Dobbs, Chairman and Lead Independent Director of MTGE, said: We are excited to have reached an agreement with Annaly for the sale of our company and expect that our shareholders will benefit from the increased diversification, scale and liquidity of the Annaly platform. Transaction Highlights Prior to closing, each of Annaly and MTGE will declare for their respective shareholders a pro rata common dividend based on its last regular quarterly dividend declared prior to closing and the number of days elapsed since the record date for the most recent quarterly dividend, as of the day immediately prior to the closing date. The exchange offer is subject to customary closing conditions, including the tender for exchange of a majority of all then outstanding shares of MTGE common stock when added to any shares of MTGE common shares owned by Annaly and its wholly-owned subsidiary. Following completion of the exchange offer, the parties will promptly effect a second-step merger without the approval of MTGE shareholders under Maryland law pursuant to which all remaining shares of MTGE common stock not tendered in the exchange offer will be converted into the right to receive the same consideration as in the exchange offer, with the same election options and subject to the same proration rules. The transaction is expected to close during the third quarter of 2018. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Sandler O Neill + Partners, L.P. served as financial advisors to Annaly, and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz served as legal counsel to Annaly. Barclays Capital Inc. served as financial advisor to the MTGE Special Committee, and Cooley LLP served as legal counsel to the MTGE Special Committee. Conference Call Annaly will hold a conference call on May 3, 2018 at 10:00 A.M. Eastern Time to discuss this transaction and Annaly s quarterly earnings. The number to call is 888-317-6003 for domestic calls and 412-317-6061 for international calls. The conference passcode is 5191574. There will also be an audio webcast of the call on www.annaly.com. If you would like to be added to the e-mail distribution list, please visit www.annaly.com, click on Investor Relations, then select Email Alerts and complete the email notification form. About Annaly Annaly is a leading diversified capital manager that invests in and finances residential and commercial assets. Annaly s principal business objective is to generate net income for distribution to its shareholders and to preserve capital through prudent selection of investments and continuous management of its portfolio. Annaly has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for federal income tax purposes. Annaly is externally managed by Annaly Management Company LLC. Additional information about Annaly can be found at www.annaly.com. About MTGE Investment Corp. MTGE Investment Corp. is a real estate investment trust that invests in and manages a leveraged portfolio of agency mortgage investments, non-agency mortgage investments and other real estate-related investments. The company is externally managed and advised by MTGE Management, LLC, an affiliate of AGNC Investment Corp. (Nasdaq: AGNC). For further information, please refer to www.mtge.com. Forward-Looking Statements This communication includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as will, expects, anticipates, foresees, forecasts, estimates or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements herein that describe the proposed transaction, including its financial and operational impact, and other statements of management s beliefs, intentions or goals also are forward-looking statements. It is uncertain whether any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do, what impact they will have on the results of operations and financial condition of the combined companies or the price of Annaly or MTGE stock. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the parties control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the ability of the parties to consummate the proposed transaction on a timely basis or at all and the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to consummation of the proposed transaction, including a majority of MTGE s common shares being validly tendered into the exchange offer; that required regulatory approvals for the proposed transaction may not be obtained in a timely manner, if at all; business disruption following completion of the merger; and the other risks and important factors contained and identified in Annaly s and MTGE s filings with the Securities and Exchange Committee ( SEC ), including their respective Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this communication are made only as of the date hereof. Neither Annaly nor MTGE undertakes any obligation to update the forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as required by law. Additional Information and Where to Find It The exchange offer referenced in this communication has not yet commenced. This communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares, nor is it a substitute for the exchange offer materials that Annaly and its merger subsidiary will file with the SEC. At the time the exchange offer is commenced, Annaly and its merger subsidiary will file a tender offer statement on Schedule TO, Annaly will file a registration statement on Form S-4 and MTGE will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with the SEC with respect to the exchange offer. THE OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING AN OFFER TO EXCHANGE, A RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND CERTAIN OTHER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. MTGE SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT HOLDERS OF MTGE SECURITIES SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING EXCHANGING THEIR SECURITIES. The Offer to Exchange, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other exchange offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, will be made available to all holders of MTGE common stock at no expense to them. The exchange offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be made available for free at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting Annaly s Investor Relations department at 1-888-8Annaly (1-888-826-6259). In addition to the Offer to Exchange, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other exchange offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, Annaly and MTGE file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Annaly and MTGE at the SEC public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Annaly s and MTGE s filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.

American Water Awarded $5.1M Contract to Rehabilitate the City of Camden s Combined Sewer Regulators CAMDEN, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--American Water (NYSE: AWK), the largest publicly-traded U.S. water and wastewater utility company, announced today that its Contract Services Group, was awarded a $5.1 million contract by the City of Camden to rehabilitate 28 combined sewer regulators. American Water is proud to have been awarded the sewer rehabilitation project by the City, said Mark McDonough, president, Military Services Group, American Water. This important project, to be accomplished cooperatively with the City, will significantly reduce instances of local flooding and work to directly help improve the quality of life for residents and surrounding ecosystems. The combined sewer regulator project includes replacement, repairs, chamber cleaning and coating, and jetting of the adjoining sewer. Rehabilitation of the regulator chambers and equipment is a key component for alleviating significant flooding impacts experienced throughout the City of Camden. We are pleased to be making these critical improvements and confident in the ability of our partners at American Water to efficiently complete the sewer rehabilitation project, said Camden Mayor Frank Moran. Camden has realized unprecedented growth city-wide in recent years including significant upgrades to our City infrastructure. This $5.1 million investment by the City and American Water will immediately help to reduce local flooding and improve Camden s ability to manage storm water resulting from future weather events. Many thanks to the project funders as these monies are helping to leverage billions of public-private dollars that are transforming Camden into a desirable 21st century City. A properly designed and operating mechanical regulator controls the amount of flow allowed to pass from the combined sewer into the intercepting line, and eventually to the treatment plant for treatment. Camden s current combined sewer mechanical regulators are designed to pass a predetermined amount of flow to the interceptor at all times which can cause localized flooding instances during heavy rainfall events. The $5.1 million project, funded by the New Jersey Water Bank (NJWB), is expected to be completed by the end of 2022. The NJWB is a State Revolving Fund program jointly administered by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) and the New Jersey Infrastructure Bank and uses a combination of funds provided by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the DEP and the Infrastructure Bank to provide low interest loans to borrowers for environmental infrastructure projects. State Revolving Fund programs around the nation provide states and communities the resources necessary to maintain and improve the infrastructure protecting our valuable water resources nationwide. About American Water With a history dating back to 1886, American Water is the largest and most geographically diverse U.S. publicly traded water and wastewater utility company. The company employs more than 6,800 dedicated professionals who provide regulated and market-based drinking water, wastewater and other related services to 15 million people in 46 states. American Water provides safe, clean, affordable and reliable water services to our customers to make sure we keep their lives flowing. For more information, visit amwater.com and follow American Water on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn.

Targa Resources Executes Agreements to Sell Assets in its Petroleum Logistics Business HOUSTON, Sept. 12, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Targa Resources Corp. (NYSE: TRGP) ("Targa" or the "Company") announced today that it has executed agreements to sell its refined products and crude oil storage and terminaling facilities in Tacoma, WA and Baltimore, MD to an affiliate of ArcLight Capital Partners, LLC for approximately $160 million. Subject to customary closing conditions, the sale is expected to close in the fourth quarter. Targa intends to use the proceeds to fund a portion of its growth capital program underway. Evercore Group L.L.C. is serving as Targa s exclusive financial advisor on the transaction. As previously disclosed concurrent with its second quarter 2018 earnings announcement, and pro forma for the sale, Targa is on track to meet or exceed its full year 2018 operational and financial guidance. Forward Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release that address activities, events or developments that Targa expects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events and are subject to a number of uncertainties, factors and risks, many of which are outside Targa's control, which could cause results to differ materially from those expected by management of Targa. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the timing and extent of changes in commodity prices, interest rates and demand for services, the level and success of crude oil and natural gas drilling around assets, the timing and success of business development efforts, ability to access the capital markets, the amount of collateral required to be posted from time to time in transactions, success in risk management activities, the credit risk of customers, changes in laws and regulations, weather and other uncertainties. These and other applicable uncertainties, factors and risks are described more fully in Targa's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Targa undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Targa Resources Corp. Targa Resources Corp. is a leading provider of midstream services and is one of the largest independent midstream energy companies in North America. Targa owns, operates, acquires, and develops a diversified portfolio of complementary midstream energy assets. The Company is primarily engaged in the business of: gathering, compressing, treating, processing, and selling natural gas; storing, fractionating, treating, transporting, and selling NGLs and NGL products, including services to LPG exporters; gathering, storing, terminaling, and selling crude oil; storing, terminaling, and selling refined petroleum products. For more information, please visit our website at www.targaresources.com. Contact the Company's investor relations department by email at InvestorRelations@targaresources.com or by phone at (713) 584-1133. Sanjay Lad Director - Investor Relations Jennifer Kneale Chief Financial Officer

AMAG Pharmaceuticals Announces FDA Approval of Vyleesi (Bremelanotide Injection) for Acquired, Generalized Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder (HSDD) in Premenopausal Women The First FDA-Approved As-Needed Treatment for Premenopausal Women Experiencing Distress or Interpersonal Difficulty Due to Low Sexual Desire 1 in 10 Premenopausal Women in the U.S. (Approximately 6 Million Women) Suffer From HSDD WALTHAM, Mass., June 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAG) announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Vyleesi (bremelanotide injection), a melanocortin receptor agonist, to treat acquired, generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD) in premenopausal women. The Vyleesi autoinjector is the first treatment for this patient population that can be self-administered as needed in anticipation of sexual activity. HSDD is characterized by low sexual desire that causes distress or interpersonal difficulty and is not due to a co-existing medical or psychiatric condition, problems within the relationship, or the effects of a medication or other drug substance. HSDD has been recognized as a medical condition since the 1970s, yet it has been widely underdiagnosed and undertreated, said Anita H. Clayton, M.D., Chair, Department of Psychiatry & Neurobehavioral Sciences, University of Virginia School of Medicine, VA. Women with HSDD often avoid situations that could lead to intimacy, the impact of which goes far beyond the bedroom and can often result in anxiety, loss of vitality, self-esteem issues and relationship stress. It is important that women suffering with this condition have a choice of treatment options available to them. HSDD is thought to have a neurobiologic basis which is supported by brain imaging studies. When study participants were shown visual sexual stimuli, there was a difference in the brain activation patterns between women with HSDD compared to those women without HSDDi. Today's approval underscores AMAG s commitment to women s health and dedication to raising awareness and improving education about HSDD, said Julie Krop, M.D., chief medical officer at AMAG. While HSDD is the most common female sexual dysfunction condition, it is largely under-recognized. I want to thank the thousands of women who participated in the clinical trials to support the approval of Vyleesi. Their participation in the trials helped to pave the way for a novel treatment option that offers hope to the nearly six million premenopausal women who have suffered in silence from HSDD empowering them to reclaim their sexual desire. The FDA approval of Vyleesi is based upon data from approximately 1,200 women in two pivotal, double-blind placebo controlled Phase 3 trials (RECONNECT). In both clinical trials, Vyleesi met the pre-specified co-primary efficacy endpoints of improvement in desire and reductions in distress as measured by validated patient-reported outcome instruments. Upon completion of the trial, women had the option to continue in a voluntary open-label safety extension study for an additional 12 months. Nearly 80 percent of patients who completed the Phase 3 trials elected to remain in the open-label portion of the study, where all of these patients received Vyleesi. In the pivotal trials, the most common adverse events were nausea, flushing, injection site reactions, and headache. The majority of events were reported to be transient and mild-to-moderate in intensity. In clinical trials, Vyleesi caused small, transient increases in blood pressure, and is contraindicated in women with uncontrolled high blood pressure or known cardiovascular risk. AMAG is committed to working with payers and healthcare professionals to help ensure women with HSDD have access to Vyleesi. The product will be commercially available in September through select specialty pharmacies. To raise healthcare provider awareness of Vyleesi, AMAG will leverage its existing women s and maternal health sales force of approximately 125 sales representatives calling on U.S. obstetrics, gynecologists and sexual medicine specialists, and will also offer patients the ability to connect with a physician through a telemedicine option. Patients and providers can learn more about HSDD and Vyleesi at www.vyleesi.com and sign up to receive information about how to obtain Vyleesi as soon as it is available. AMAG in-licensed Vyleesi from Palatin Technologies, Inc. in February 2017. Under the terms of the agreement, the approval of Vyleesi by the FDA triggers a $60 million payment obligation to Palatin. In addition, AMAG will pay Palatin tiered royalties on annual net sales of Vyleesi ranging from the high-single digits to the low double-digits. AMAG will also pay Palatin sales milestones based on escalating annual net sales thresholds, the first of which is $25 million, triggered at annual net sales of $250 million. About Vyleesi (bremelanotide injection) Vyleesi is approved for the treatment of premenopausal women with acquired, generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD). The prefilled Vyleesi autoinjector pen is self-administered into a woman s abdomen or thigh at least 45 minutes before anticipated sexual activity and can be taken at any time of day. Vyleesi is thought to possess a novel mechanism of action. While the exact mechanism of action is unknown, Vyleesi is believed to bind to melanocortin receptors in the central nervous system. Vyleesi has no known alcohol restrictions. Vyleesi (bremelanotide injection) Important Safety Information Contraindications VYLEESI is contraindicated in patients who have uncontrolled hypertension or known cardiovascular disease. Warnings and Precautions Transient Increase in Blood Pressure and Decrease in Heart Rate: VYLEESI transiently increases blood pressure and reduces heart rate after each dose. Advise patients that these changes usually resolve within 12 hours. VYLEESI is not recommended in patients at high risk for cardiovascular disease. Consider the patient s cardiovascular risk before initiating VYLEESI and periodically during treatment and ensure blood pressure is well-controlled. To minimize the risk of more pronounced blood pressure effects, patients should not take more than one VYLEESI dose within 24 hours. Patients should not use more than 8 VYLEESI doses per month. Focal Hyperpigmentation: Reported by 1% of patients who received up to 8 doses per month, including involvement of the face, gingiva and breasts. Patients are at higher risk of developing focal hyperpigmentation if they have darker skin and with daily dosing. Resolution of the focal hyperpigmentation was not confirmed in all patients after discontinuation of VYLEESI. Consider discontinuing VYLEESI if hyperpigmentation develops. Nausea: Reported by 40% of patients who received up to 8 monthly doses, requiring anti-emetic therapy in 13% of patients and leading to premature discontinuation for 8% of patients. Nausea improves for most patients with the second dose. Consider discontinuing VYLEESI or initiating anti-emetic therapy for persistent or severe nausea. Adverse Reactions Most common adverse reactions (incidence >4%) are nausea, flushing, injection site reactions, headache, and vomiting. Drug Interactions VYLEESI may slow gastric emptying and impact absorption of concomitantly administered oral medications. VYLEESI may significantly decrease the systemic exposure of orally-administered naltrexone; avoid use with orally administered naltrexone-containing products intended to treat alcohol or opioid addiction. Pregnancy Advise patients to discontinue VYLEESI if pregnancy is suspected. Advise patients to use effective contraception while taking VYLEESI. There will be a pregnancy exposure registry that monitors pregnancy outcomes in women exposed to VYLEESI during pregnancy. Pregnant women exposed to VYLEESI and healthcare providers are encouraged to call the VYLEESI Pregnancy Exposure Registry at 1-877-411-2510. For full Prescribing Information, please see package insert. Indication VYLEESI is indicated for the treatment of premenopausal women with acquired, generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD), as characterized by low sexual desire that causes marked distress or interpersonal difficulty and is NOT due to: A co-existing medical or psychiatric condition, Problems with the relationship, or The effects of a medication or drug substance. Acquired HSDD refers to HSDD that develops in a patient who previously had no problems with sexual desire. Generalized HSDD refers to HSDD that occurs regardless of the type of stimulation, situation or partner. Limitations of Use VYLEESI is not indicated for the treatment of HSDD in postmenopausal women or in men. VYLEESI is not indicated to enhance sexual performance. Vyleesi is protected by a number of U.S. and foreign patents and applications that are owned by Palatin Technologies, Inc. Certain of the patents include claims directed to the Vyleesi drug composition and methods of use thereof with terms expiring in 2020, and other patents include claims directed to methods of treating female sexual dysfunction by subcutaneous administration of compositions that include Vyleesi with terms expiring in 2033. About AMAG AMAG is a pharmaceutical company focused on bringing innovative products to patients with unmet medical needs. The company does this by leveraging its development and commercial expertise to invest in and grow its pharmaceutical products across a range of therapeutic areas, including women s health. For additional company information, please visit www.amagpharma.com . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information about AMAG within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. Any statements contained herein which do not describe historical facts, including, among others, the belief that HSDD is underdiagnosed and undertreated; beliefs about the size of the potential population for Vyleesi and the behaviors of such potential patients; beliefs about low sexual desire in women, including the causes; the belief that HSDD is the most common female sexual dysfunction condition; the anticipated access to Vyleesi; the timing for commercial availability and plans to leverage AMAG s sales force and provide patient access to physicians are forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, the ability of AMAG to successfully execute on its commercialization plans and the level of market adoption for Vyleesi; the likelihood that healthcare providers, patients and/or healthcare payers will support the commercialization and use of Vyleesi; the risk that AMAG has over-estimated the size of the market for Vyleesi; as well as those risks identified in AMAG s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 and subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), which are available at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Any such risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect AMAG s results of operations, its profitability and its cash flows, which would, in turn, have a significant and adverse impact on AMAG s stock price. AMAG cautions you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. AMAG disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. AMAG Pharmaceuticals and the logo are registered trademarks of AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Vyleesi is a trademark of AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Makena is a registered trademark of AMAG Pharma USA, Inc. AMAG Pharmaceuticals Contacts: Investors: Linda Lennox 908-627-3424 Media: Sarah Connors 781-296-0722 i Arnow B, et al. (2009) Women with hypoactive sexual desire disorder compared to normal females: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study Neuroscience; 158(2):484-502; Bianchi-Demicheli, Francesco et al. (2011) Neural Bases of Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder in Women: An Event-Related fMRI Study Journal of Sexual Medicine; 2546 2559; Bloemers J, et al. (2014) Reduced Gray Matter Volume and Increased White Matter Fractional Anisotropy in Women with Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder J Sex Med; 11:753 767; Goldstein I et al. (2017) Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder: International Society for the Study of Women's Sexual Health (ISSWSH) Expert Consensus Panel Review Mayo Clin Proc.; 92(1):114-128; Holstege G. (2016) How the Emotional Motor System Controls the Pelvic Organs Sex Med Rev.; 4(4):303-328; Versace, F, et al. (2013) Brain responses to erotic and other emotional stimuli in breast cancer survivors with and without distress about low sexual desire: a preliminary fMRI study Brain Imaging and Behavior; 7:533 542; Woodard, T., et al. (2013) Brain activation patterns in women with acquired hypoactive sexual desire disorder and women with normal sexual function: a cross-sectional pilot study Fertility and Sterility; 100(4):1068-1076.

FDA Approves Prior Approval Supplement for BIVIGAM ADMA Announces it will Commence Commercial Sales of BIVIGAM RAMSEY, N.J. and BOCA RATON, Fla., May 10, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ADMA Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADMA) ( ADMA or the Company ), a vertically integrated commercial biopharmaceutical and specialty immunoglobulin company that manufactures, markets and develops specialty plasma-derived biologics for the treatment of immune deficiencies and the prevention of certain infectious diseases, announces that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has approved the Company s Prior Approval Supplement ( PAS ) for BIVIGAM (immune globulin intravenous (human), 10% liquid). The FDA s approval of the PAS for BIVIGAM approves the use of the Company s optimized intravenous immune globulin ( IVIG ) manufacturing process and enables ADMA to commence the marketing of BIVIGAM in the U.S. to patients with Primary Humoral Immunodeficiency ( PI ). This FDA approval for ADMA s third commercial product is a significant milestone, and we look forward to commencing sales of BIVIGAM in the near-term, stated Adam Grossman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ADMA. The FDA s approval of BIVIGAM s modified manufacturing process validates our commitment to optimizing the ADMA IVIG manufacturing process and signifies the extensive and successful remediation and turnaround of our Boca Raton, Florida manufacturing facility. We are pleased to re-introduce BIVIGAM into the market, where demand for IVIG therapy continues to outpace supply. Mr. Grossman continued, The $6 billion U.S. market for IVIG continues to grow and the relaunch of BIVIGAM can help to alleviate a portion of the tight supply for this important patient population, where dependable and consistent supply of IVIG is critical to patients well-being. BIVIGAM received its initial FDA approval in December 2012. The BIVIGAM pivotal clinical study was a prospective, open-label, single-arm multicenter trial, which achieved its primary endpoints for safety, efficacy and tolerability. The results were published by Dr. Richard Wasserman, et al. in the Journal of Clinical Immunology in 2014. In December 2016, Biotest Pharmaceuticals Corporation ( BPC ) voluntarily suspended commercial production of BIVIGAM due to certain manufacturing and compliance issues. Subsequent to ADMA s acquisition of the Biotest Therapy Business Unit ( BTBU ) assets in June 2017, of which BIVIGAM was a part, ADMA resumed production of BIVIGAM during the fourth quarter of 2017, successfully manufacturing three conformance lots using the Company s optimized IVIG manufacturing process. ADMA anticipates the re-launch of BIVIGAM for commercial sale during the second half of 2019. About ADMA Biologics, Inc. (ADMA) ADMA Biologics is a vertically integrated biopharmaceutical manufacturer with three FDA approved commercial specialty plasma-based biologics. ADMA's mission is to develop and commercialize plasma-derived, human immune globulins targeted to niche patient populations for the treatment and prevention of certain infectious diseases and management of immune compromised patient populations. The target patient populations include immune compromised individuals who suffer from an underlying immune deficiency disease, or who may be immune compromised for other medical reasons. ADMA has received U.S. Patents 9,107,906, 9,714,283, 9,815,886, 9,969,793 and 10,259,865 related to certain aspects of its products and product candidates. For more information, please visit www.admabiologics.com . About Primary Immune Deficiency Disease ( PI ) PI is a class of inherited genetic disorders that causes an individual to have a deficient or absent immune system. According to the World Health Organization, there are approximately 350 different genetic mutations encompassing PI. Some disorders present at birth or in early childhood, the disorders can affect anyone regardless of age or gender. Some affect a single part of the immune system, others may affect one or more components of the system. PI patients are vulnerable to infections and more likely to suffer complications from these infections as compared to individuals with a normal functioning immune system. The infections may occur in any part of the body. Because patients suffering from PI lack a properly functioning immune system, they typically receive monthly treatment with polyclonal immune globulin products. Without this exogenous antibody replacement, these patients would remain vulnerable to persistent and chronic infections. PI has an estimated prevalence of 1:1,200 in the United States, or approximately 250,000 people in the U.S. About BIVIGAM BIVIGAM is an immune globulin intravenous (human), 10% liquid, indicated for the treatment of primary humoral immunodeficiency. This includes, but is not limited to, X-linked and congenital agammaglobulinemia, common variable immunodeficiency, Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome and severe combined immunodeficiency. These PIs are a group of genetic disorders. Initially thought to be very rare, it is now believed that as many as 250,000 people in the U.S. have some form of PI. BIVIGAM contains a broad range of antibodies similar to those found in normal human plasma. These antibodies are directed against bacteria and viruses, and help to protect PI patients against serious infections. BIVIGAM is a purified, sterile, ready-to-use preparation of concentrated human Immunoglobulin ( IgG ) antibodies. Antibodies are proteins in the human immune system that work to defend against infections and disease. FDA s initial approval for BIVIGAM was received by BPC in December 2012, and production of BIVIGAM was halted by BPC in December 2016. ADMA obtained ownership and all rights, title and interest in BIVIGAM in June 2017 as part of the Biotest Therapy Business Unit ( BTBU ) asset acquisition and resumed the production of BIVIGAM during the fourth quarter of 2017. Using ADMA s optimized IVIG manufacturing process, FDA approved a PAS to amend the BLA for the product on May 9, 2019 allowing the Company to resume the supply of drug to the U.S. market. Additional Important Safety Information for BIVIGAM [Immune Globulin Intravenous (Human), 10% Liquid] BIVIGAM [Immune Globulin Intravenous (Human), 10% Liquid] is indicated for the treatment of primary humoral immunodeficiency (PI). This includes, but is not limited to, the humoral immune defect in common variable immunodeficiency (CVID), X-linked agammaglobulinemia, congenital agammaglobulinemia, Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome, and severe combined immunodeficiencies. WARNING: THROMBOSIS, RENAL DYSFUNCTION, AND ACUTE RENAL FAILURE Thrombosis may occur with immune globulin intravenous (IGIV) products, including BIVIGAM. Risk factors may include: advanced age, prolonged immobilization, hypercoagulable conditions, a history of venous or arterial thrombosis, the use of estrogens, indwelling vascular catheters, hyperviscosity and cardiovascular risk factors. Renal dysfunction, acute renal failure, osmotic nephrosis, and death may occur with the administration of Immune Globulin Intravenous (Human) (IGIV) products in predisposed patients. Renal dysfunction and acute renal failure occur more commonly in patients receiving IGIV products containing sucrose. BIVIGAM does not contain sucrose. For patients at risk of thrombosis, renal dysfunction, or renal failure, administer BIVIGAM at the minimum dose and infusion rate practicable. Ensure adequate hydration in patients before administration. Monitor for signs and symptoms of thrombosis and assess blood viscosity in patients at risk for hyperviscosity. BIVIGAM is contraindicated in patients who have had an anaphylactic or severe systemic reaction to the administration of human immune globulin and in IgA-deficient patients with antibodies to IgA and history of hypersensitivity. Thrombosis may occur following treatment with IGIV products, including BIVIGAM. Thrombosis may occur in the absence of known risk factors. Consider baseline assessment of blood viscosity in patients at risk for hyperviscosity, including those with cryoglobulins, fasting chylomicronemia/ markedly high triacylglycerols (triglycerides), or monoclonal gammopathies. For patients at risk of thrombosis, administer BIVIGAM at the minimum dose and infusion rate practicable. In patients at risk of developing acute renal failure, renal function, including blood urea nitrogen (BUN), serum creatinine, and urine output need to be monitored. Hyperproteinemia, increased serum viscosity, and hyponatremia or pseudohyponatremia can occur in patients receiving IGIV therapy. Aseptic meningitis syndrome (AMS) has been reported with IGIV treatments; AMS may occur more frequently in association with high doses (2 g/kg) and/or rapid infusion of IGIV. As hemolysis can develop subsequent to treatment with IGIV products, monitor patients for hemolysis and hemolytic anemia. Monitor patients for pulmonary adverse reactions (transfusion-related acute lung injury [TRALI]). If TRALI is suspected, test the product and patient for antineutrophil antibodies. Because BIVIGAM is made from human blood, it may carry a risk of transmitting infectious agents, e.g., viruses, and theoretically, the Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) agent. Passive transfer of antibodies with IGIV treatment may yield positive serological testing results, with the potential for misleading interpretation. Serious adverse reactions observed in clinical trial subjects receiving BIVIGAM were vomiting and dehydration in one subject. The most common adverse reactions to BIVIGAM (reported in 5% of clinical study subjects) were headache, fatigue, infusion site reaction, nausea, sinusitis, blood pressure increase, diarrhea, dizziness, and lethargy. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/MedWatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088. For more information about BIVIGAM, please see full Prescribing Information . You are encouraged to report side effects of prescription drugs to ADMA Biologics @ 1-800-458-4244 or the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/MedWatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, about ADMA Biologics, Inc. ("we , our or the Company ). Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words "estimate," project, "intend," forecast, "target, anticipate, plan, planning, expect, believe, will," is likely, will likely, should, could, "would," "may," or, in each case, their negative, or words or expressions of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements also include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our plans to develop, manufacture, market, launch and expand our own commercial infrastructure and commercialize our current products and future products, the safety, efficacy and expected timing of, and our ability to, obtain and maintain regulatory approvals of our current products, product expansions into new fields of use, indications and product candidates, and the labeling or nature of any such approvals, our ability to successfully pursue commercialization and prelaunch activities for our products, the potential of our specialty plasma-based biologics products and product candidates to provide meaningful clinical improvement for patients living with Primary Immune Deficiency Disease or other indications, our ability to realize increased prices for plasma growth in the plasma collection industry and our expectations for future capital requirements. Actual events or results may differ materially from those described in this document due to a number of important factors. Current and prospective security holders are cautioned that there also can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this press release will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation or warranty by ADMA or any other person that the objectives and plans of ADMA will be achieved in any specified time frame, if at all. Except to the extent required by applicable laws or rules, ADMA does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements or to announce revisions to any of the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, and the timing of certain events, to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, and any amendments thereto. COMPANY CONTACT: Brian Lenz Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer | 201-478-5552 | www.admabiologics.com INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT: Jeremy Feffer Managing Director, LifeSci Advisors, LLC | 212-915-2568 |

ADT Acquires I-View Now to Help Revolutionize Professional Monitoring New Technology Builds on ADT s Commitment to Reduce False Alarms and Improve Emergency Response BOCA RATON, Fla., Oct. 17, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ADT (NYSE: ADT), the number one smart home security provider serving residential and business customers, today announced it has taken another step to enhance its owned and operated professional monitoring services by acquiring I-View Now , a leading video alarm verification service. I-View Now s verification technology, paired with the core monitoring strengths of ADT, will help reduce false alarms and optimize priority response from emergency services. ADT is a purpose driven company. We believe everyone deserves to feel safe, which means we are always looking for opportunities to invest in new technologies that keep us at the forefront of security innovation, said Jim DeVries, President and CEO of ADT. With I-View Now, public safety answering points (PSAPs), like 911 dispatchers, will be able to better confirm whether an alarm is a true emergency by leveraging technology. Video, location, sound, sensor, user, and activity data can now be combined with predictive analytics to provide a comprehensive dashboard of information about what is taking place during an alarm. This critical information allows customers, ADT, and first responders to make better decisions quickly, helping protect lives and property. If a customer is not available to confirm the emergency, they can choose to allow ADT access to additional available data, such as video feeds, from within the property to assess the situation remotely. This enables ADT to append an accurate priority signal to the alarm, which first responders can use to determine response time. Helping to ensure customers safety is our top priority for ADT, and by integrating I-View Now technology into our current protocols, we can enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of our extensive network of ADT owned and operated monitoring centers and help first responders focus on real emergencies, said Donald Young, CIO and EVP of Field Operations. I-View Now will function independently under the ADT umbrella, helping to provide both companies' current and future customers with the best experience possible. Teaming up with ADT will allow our proprietary technology to reach its full potential and provide better information to first responders, said Larry Folsom, I-View Now President. ADT is our ideal partner to help scale up, and together we will help to save more lives. ADT s use of I-View Now s technology is currently in a pilot program in select markets and will be available to current and future ADT customers later in Q4 of 2019. As part of the acquisition, Folsom will report to Young and continue to lead I-View Now, supporting existing and new customers. For more information about ADT and I-View Now, please visit www.adt.com and www.i-viewnow.com . About ADT ADT is a leading security and automation provider serving residential and business customers across the United States and Canada. Ranked as the #1 Smart Home Security Provideri, ADT delivers advanced technology-based security and automation solutions for home, work, and beyond, and provides peace-of-mind to its customers, who know they are covered by ADT s reliable and efficient customer service. ADT offers many ways to help protect customers by delivering lifestyle-driven solutions via professionally installed, do-it-yourself, mobile, and digital-based offerings for residential, small business, and larger commercial customers. Its products integrate with more than 150 innovative, intuitive, and safe smart home devices to fit every customer s needs. Headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida, ADT is a purpose-driven company backed by approximately 19,000 employees, more than 200 sales and service locations, and 12 owned and operated monitoring centers connecting customers to lifesaving support for today s ever-changing security needs, 24/7. For more information, please visit www.adt.com or follow us on Twitter , LinkedIn , Facebook and Instagram . *Strategy Analytics, US Interactive Security: Self-installed, Professionally-Monitored Solutions Gaining Momentum, April 2019.

Johnson Controls announces additional $8.5 billion share repurchase authorization CORK, Ireland, March 7, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Johnson Controls International plc (NYSE: JCI) today announced that the Company's board of directors has approved an additional $8.5 billion share repurchase authorization, subject to the completion of the previously announced sale of the Company's Power Solutions business. The Company has received U.S. and European antitrust approvals relating to the sale and is targeting to close the transaction no later than June 30, 2019, subject to customary closing conditions and receipt of all required regulatory approvals. "Today's announcement reflects our progress towards completing the sale of Power Solutions and our commitment to return capital to our shareholders," said chairman and CEO George Oliver. "When completed, the sale of our Power Solutions business will streamline our portfolio and increase long-term shareholder value by creating a pure-play buildings technology and solutions provider focused on execution and increasing financial flexibility." In implementing this share repurchase authorization, Johnson Controls may purchase shares in the open market or through a variety of methods as permitted by applicable securities laws and other legal requirements. There is no obligation to repurchase any particular amount of common stock, and the manner, timing and amount of any purchase will be determined subject to an evaluation of the price and availability of the Company's common stock, general market conditions, and other factors. The stock repurchase authorization does not have a set expiration date and may be amended or terminated at any time at the Company's discretion without prior notice. About Johnson Controls: Johnson Controls is a global diversified technology and multi industrial leader serving a wide range of customers in more than 150 countries. Our 120,000 employees create intelligent buildings, efficient energy solutions, integrated infrastructure and next generation transportation systems that work seamlessly together to deliver on the promise of smart cities and communities. Our commitment to sustainability dates back to our roots in 1885, with the invention of the first electric room thermostat. We are committed to helping our customers win and creating greater value for all of our stakeholders through strategic focus on our buildings and energy growth platforms. For additional information, please visit http://www.johnsoncontrols.com or follow us @johnsoncontrols on Twitter. Johnson Controls International plc Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Johnson Controls International plc has made statements in this communication that are forward-looking and therefore are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements in this document other than statements of historical fact are, or could be, "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this communication, statements regarding Johnson Controls' future financial position, sales, costs, earnings, cash flows, other measures of results of operations, synergies and integration opportunities, capital expenditures and debt levels are forward-looking statements. Words such as "may," "will," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe," "should," "forecast," "project" or "plan" and terms of similar meaning are also generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Johnson Controls cautions that these statements are subject to numerous important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond Johnson Controls' control, that could cause Johnson Controls' actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including, among others, risks related to: any delay or inability of Johnson Controls to realize the expected benefits and synergies of recent portfolio transactions such as the merger with Tyco and the spin-off of Adient, changes in tax laws (including but not limited to the recently enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act), regulations, rates, policies or interpretations, the loss of key senior management, the tax treatment of recent portfolio transactions, significant transaction costs and/or unknown liabilities associated with such transactions, the outcome of actual or potential litigation relating to such transactions, the risk that disruptions from recent transactions will harm Johnson Controls' business, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, changes to laws or policies governing foreign trade, including increased tariffs or trade restrictions, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, the availability of raw materials and component products, currency rates and cancellation of or changes to commercial arrangements, and with respect to the disposition of the Power Solutions business, the expected financial impact and timing of the Power Solutions disposition, whether and when the required regulatory approvals for the Power Solutions disposition will be obtained, the possibility that closing conditions for the Power Solutions disposition may not be satisfied or waived, and whether the strategic benefits of the Power Solutions transaction can be achieved. A detailed discussion of risks related to Johnson Controls' business is included in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in Johnson Controls' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 2018 fiscal year filed with the SEC on November 20, 2018, which is available at www.sec.gov and www.johnsoncontrols.com under the "Investors" tab. Shareholders, potential investors and others should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements included in this communication are made only as of the date of this document, unless otherwise specified, and, except as required by law, Johnson Controls assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update such statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this communication. CONTACT: Investors: Antonella Franzen (609) 720-4665 Ryan Edelman (609) 720-4545 Media: Fraser Engerman (414) 524-2733 SOURCE Johnson Controls Related Links http://www.johnsoncontrols.com

Ebix Announces 5 for 1 Stock Split JOHNS CREEK, Ga., Sept. 20, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Ebix, Inc. (NASDAQ: EBIX), a leading international supplier of On-Demand software and E-commerce services to the insurance, financial, healthcare and e-learning industries, today announced its Board of Directors has approved a five-for-one split of the Company's common stock, subject to shareholder approval of an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation. Since the Company presently does not have a sufficient number of authorized shares required to effectuate the stock split, the Company s Board has approved, and is recommending to its shareholders, an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock to 220 million to handle the split and possible future capitalization needs. The Company will be holding a special meeting of shareholders of record as of October 11, 2018 so that the increase in authorized shares can be approved by the shareholders. The Company anticipates holding this meeting on or about November 16, 2018. The increase in authorized shares must be approved by shareholders at this special meeting before the stock split can be effective. The Company anticipates a record date for the stock split will be set shortly after the special meeting occurs. Provided the shareholders approve the amendment, each shareholder of record at the close of business on such date will receive four additional shares for every outstanding share held on the record date, and trading is likely to begin on a split-adjusted basis prior to December 15, 2018. Robin Raina, Chairman of the Board, president & CEO said, "This stock split is intended to further improve our liquidity and to make our shares more accessible, both to institutions and to the individual shareholders." About Ebix, Inc. With 50+ offices across 5 continents, Ebix, Inc., (NASDAQ: EBIX) endeavors to provide On-Demand software and E-commerce services to the insurance, financial, healthcare and e-learning industries. In the Insurance sector, the Company s main focus is to develop and deploy a wide variety of insurance and reinsurance exchanges on an on-demand basis, while also, providing Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") enterprise solutions in the area of CRM, front-end & back-end systems, outsourced administrative and risk compliance, across the world. With a "Phygital strategy that combines 260,000 physical distribution outlets in many Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) countries, to an Omni-channel online digital platform, the Company s EbixCash Financial exchange portfolio encompasses leadership in areas of domestic & international money remittance, Forex, travel, pre-paid & gift cards, utility payments, lending etc., in an emerging country like India. The Company s Forex Exchange has an approximate 70% market share of India s airport Foreign Exchange business encompassing 25 international airports like Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai and Kolkata International airports, while conducting over 1 million transactions per annum. EbixCash, through its travel portal Via.com, is also one of Southeast Asia s leading travel exchanges with over 110,000 distribution outlets and 8,000 corporate clients processing over 24.5 million transactions every year. For further details, visit www.ebixcash.com. Through its various SaaS-based software platforms, Ebix employs thousands of domain-specific technology professionals to provide products, support and consultancy to thousands of customers on six continents. For more information, visit the Company s website at www.ebix.com. SAFE HARBOR REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS As used herein, the terms Ebix, the Company, we, our and us refer to Ebix, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries as a combined entity, except where it is clear that the terms mean only Ebix, Inc. The information contained in this Press Release contains forward-looking statements and information within the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This information includes assumptions made by, and information currently available to management, including statements regarding future economic performance and financial condition, liquidity and capital resources, acceptance of the Company's products by the market, and management's plans and objectives. In addition, certain statements included in this and our future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), in press releases, and in oral and written statements made by us or with our approval, which are not statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. Words such as "may," "could," "should," "would," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "seeks," "plan," "project," "continue," "predict," "will," "should," and other words or expressions of similar meaning are intended by the Company to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this report and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. These statements are based on our current expectations about future events or results and information that is currently available to us, involve assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, and speak only as of the date on which such statements are made. Our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such a difference, include, but are not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC, as well as: the approval of the shareholders of the amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, the risk of an unfavorable outcome of the pending governmental investigations or shareholder class action lawsuits, reputational harm caused by such investigations and lawsuits, the willingness of independent insurance agencies to outsource their computer and other processing needs to third parties; pricing and other competitive pressures and the Company's ability to gain or maintain share of sales as a result of actions by competitors and others; changes in estimates in critical accounting judgments; changes in or failure to comply with laws and regulations, including accounting standards, taxation requirements (including tax rate changes, new tax laws and revised tax interpretations) in domestic or foreign jurisdictions; exchange rate fluctuations and other risks associated with investments and operations in foreign countries (particularly in Australia, UK and India wherein we have significant operations); equity markets, including market disruptions and significant interest rate fluctuations, which may impede our access to, or increase the cost of, external financing; and international conflict, including terrorist acts. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to update any such factors, or to publicly announce the results of, or changes to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events, developments, changed circumstances, or for any other reason. Readers should carefully review the disclosures and the risk factors described in the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, including future reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, and any amendments thereto. You may obtain our SEC filings at our website, www.ebix.com under the "Investor Information" section, or over the Internet at the SEC's web site, www.sec.gov. CONTACT: Darren Joseph +1-678 -281-2027 or David Collins or Chris Eddy Catalyst Global +1-212-924-9800 or

Citius Pharmaceuticals Increases Previously Announced Bought Deal Offering to $8.4 Million CRANFORD, N.J., Aug. 5, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Citius" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: CTXR), a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing critical care drug products, announced today that, due to demand, the underwriter has agreed to increase the size of the previously announced public offering and purchase on a firm commitment basis 7,964,804 shares of common stock of the Company, at a price to the public of $1.05 per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The closing of the offering is expected to occur on or about August 10, 2020, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. H.C. Wainwright & Co. is acting as the sole book-running manager for the offering. The Company also has granted to the underwriter a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,194,720 shares of common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The gross proceeds to Citius, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses and assuming no exercise of the underwriter's option to purchase additional common stock, are expected to be approximately $8.4 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including its Phase 3 clinical Mino-Lok trial for the treatment of catheter related bloodstream infections, development of Mino-Wrap, its Phase 2b trial of Halo-Lido cream for the treatment of hemorrhoids, its other product development initiatives and working capital and capital expenditures. The shares of common stock are being offered by the Company pursuant to a "shelf" registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-221492) originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on November 9, 2017, and declared effective by the SEC on December 15, 2017. The offering of the shares of common stock is made only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to, and describing the terms of, the offering have been filed with the SEC and are available on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and, upon filing, may be obtained on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov or by contacting H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC at 430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at (646) 975-6996 or e-mail at [email protected]. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. About Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Citius is a late-stage specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of critical care products, with a focus on anti-infectives and cancer care. For more information, please visit www.citiuspharma.com. Safe HarborThis press release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements are made based on our expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting Citius. You can identify these statements by the fact that they use words such as "will," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "should," and "may" and other words and terms of similar meaning or use of future dates. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could negatively affect our business, operating results, financial condition and stock price and include, among others, statements regarding the completion of the public offering, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the public offering and the intended use of net proceeds from the public offering. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated are: market and other conditions; our ability to attract, integrate, and retain key personnel; our need for substantial additional funds; the risk of successfully negotiating within the option period a license agreement with Novellus, Inc. for our planned Novecite therapy for ARDS; risks associated with conducting clinical trials and drug development; the estimated markets for our product candidates and the acceptance thereof by any market; risks related to our growth strategy; risks relating to the results of research and development activities; uncertainties relating to preclinical and clinical testing; the early stage of products under development; our ability to obtain, perform under and maintain financing and strategic agreements and relationships; our ability to identify, acquire, close and integrate product candidates and companies successfully and on a timely basis; our dependence on third-party suppliers; government regulation; patent and intellectual property matters; competition; as well as other risks described in our SEC filings. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except as required by law. Contact: Andrew ScottVice President, Corporate Development(O) 908-967-6677 x105[email protected] SOURCE Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Related Links http://www.citiuspharma.com

Elbit Systems Awarded Contracts Worth $136 Million to Supply Laser DIRCM Systems to Countries in Asia-Pacific English English HAIFA, Israel, Feb. 10, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Elbit Systems Ltd. (NASDAQ: ESLT) (TASE: ESLT) ("Elbit Systems" or "the Company") announced today that it was awarded contracts worth approximately $136 million to provide customers in Asia-Pacific with airborne laser Direct Infra-Red Counter Measure (DIRCM) systems. The contracts will be performed over a four-year period. Under the contracts, Elbit Systems will equip fleets of Airbus and Boeing aircraft with DIRCM systems from the MUSIC family, including the Company's infra-red missile warning systems. These contract awards follow recent awards to install DIRCM systems onboard Airbus A400 aircraft of the German Air Force and onboard NATO's Airbus A330 Multinational Multi-Role Tanker Transport (MRTT) fleet. Elad Aharonson, Executive Vice President and General Manager of Elbit Systems ISTAR Division, commented: "I believe that the recent string of contract awards, by a range of customers, to provide our mature DIRCM systems is a strong testament to the leading position we hold in this area." About Elbit Systems Elbit Systems Ltd. is an international high technology company engaged in a wide range of defense, homeland security and commercial programs throughout the world. The Company, which includes Elbit Systems and its subsidiaries, operates in the areas of aerospace, land, and naval systems, command, control, communications, computers, intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance ("C4ISR"), unmanned aircraft systems, advanced electro-optics, electro-optic space systems, EW suites, signal intelligence systems, data links and communications systems, radios and cyber-based systems and munitions. The Company also focuses on the upgrading of existing platforms, developing new technologies for defense, homeland security and commercial applications and providing a range of support services, including training and simulation systems. For additional information visit: elbitsystems.com, follow us on: Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook or visit our official YouTube Channel. This press release contains forward looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) regarding Elbit Systems Ltd. and/or its subsidiaries (collectively the Company), to the extent such statements do not relate to historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements are based on management's expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. Forward looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties, which are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual future results, performance and trends may differ materially from these forward looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: scope and length of customer contracts; governmental regulations and approvals; changes in governmental budgeting priorities; general market, political and economic conditions in the countries in which the Company operates or sells, including Israel and the United States among others; differences in anticipated and actual program performance, including the ability to perform under long-term fixed-price contracts; and the outcome of legal and/or regulatory proceedings. The factors listed above are not all-inclusive, and further information is contained in Elbit Systems Ltd.'s latest annual report on Form 20-F, which is on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. The Company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. Elbit Systems Ltd., its logo, brand, product, service and process names appearing in this Press Release are the trademarks or service marks of Elbit Systems Ltd. or its affiliated companies. All other brand, product, service and process names appearing are the trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service or process other than those of Elbit Systems Ltd. does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation or sponsorship of that product, service or process by Elbit Systems Ltd. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of Elbit Systems Ltd. or any third party, except as expressly granted herein. Company Contact: Joseph Gaspar, Executive VP & CFO Tel: +972-4-8316663 [email protected] Rami Myerson, Director, Investor Relations Tel: +972-77-2946403 [email protected] David Vaaknin, VP, Brand & Communications Tel: +972-77-2946691 [email protected] IR Contact: Ehud Helft Gavriel Frohwein GK Investor Relations Tel: +1-646-688-3559 [email protected] SOURCE Elbit Systems Ltd.

Stantec awarded bridge inspection contracts across three US states Departments of Transportation in Nevada, Colorado, and North Dakota are investing to protect the traveling public and critical shipped goods EDMONTON, Alberta and NEW YORK and DENVER, July 21, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TSX, NYSE:STN - Stantec has been selected to provide bridge inspection services for three US State Departments of Transportation (DOT): Nevada (NDOT), Colorado (CDOT), and North Dakota (NDDOT). The work carried out by Stantec s bridge inspection teams will use the latest technology and engineering methodology to ensure the bridges are safe for the traveling public and that they can continue to serve their communities. The global demand for routine bridge inspections is set to quadruple from current levels to a market valuation of $6.3 billion by the end of 2029, according to research firm Fact.MR . The increased demand will be driven by aging infrastructure, damaging environmental conditions, and the wear and tear from increased traffic. Bridges connect our communities and help deliver the goods we rely on, says Ryan Nataluk, vice president of infrastructure inspection, Stantec. They are among our most essential infrastructure assets keeping them safe for users and in a state of good repair is a top priority. The bridge inspection team at Stantec will provide detailed inspections using industrial rope access, non-destructive testing, and drone technology with advanced camera, video, and sensor technology, among other methodologies. The firm will deploy experts and equipment from four different states to complete the inspections. Stantec will be providing NDOT with over 2,000 bridge inspections in addition to load rating services. CDOT has asked Stantec for a statewide inspection of minor bridges (structures measuring less than 20 feet in total length), overhead signs, high-mast lights, and traffic signals. This evaluation work requires confined space access techniques and advanced, non-destructive testing of steel elements using magnetic particle and ultrasound methodologies. NDOT and CDOT are both long-standing clients with Stantec. Work for NDDOT will include routine and fracture-critical bridge inspections, as well as load ratings for approximately 900 local public agency structures. This is Stantec s first bridge inspection contract with NDDOT. Inspections in North Dakota began in April and work for CDOT and NDOT will begin in the late summer of 2020. Contract durations range from two to five years. As everyone looks to stretch their infrastructure budgets, administrators and owners are realizing that it s more cost-effective to invest in proactive preservation and rehabilitation, continued Nataluk. New technologies and advanced techniques can help extend the life of infrastructure assets at a fraction of the cost of constructing a new asset. Consistent bridge inspection increases structure reliability and service life, helping to reduce maintenance, reconstruction, and replacement costs. Stantec s bridge team includes more than 500 bridge engineers and certified bridge inspectors within North America. Find out more about Stantec s bridge inspection and assessment services here . About Stantec Communities are fundamental. Whether around the corner or across the globe, they provide a foundation, a sense of place and of belonging. That's why at Stantec, we always design with community in mind. We care about the communities we serve because they're our communities too. This allows us to assess what's needed and connect our expertise, to appreciate nuances and envision what's never been considered, to bring together diverse perspectives so we can collaborate toward a shared success. We're designers, engineers, scientists, and project managers, innovating together at the intersection of community, creativity, and client relationships. Balancing these priorities results in projects that advance the quality of life in communities across the globe. Stantec trades on the TSX and the NYSE under the symbol STN. Visit us at stantec.com or find us on social media. For more information about Stantec s response to COVID-19, visit Responding to COVID-19 . Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements regarding the projects described above, including statements regarding Stantec s role and involvement on the projects. Forward-looking statements also include any other statements that do not refer to historical facts. By their nature, forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. There is a risk that the projects described above may be delayed, cancelled, suspended or terminated. This could cause future results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made in this news release. Except as may be required by law, Stantec undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are provided herein for the purpose of giving information about the projects referred to above and their expected impact. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Media Contact Danny Craig Stantec Media Relations Ph (949) 923-6085 danny.craig@stantec.com

Scripps declares first-quarter 2020 dividend and authorizes new share repurchase program CINCINNATI, Feb. 26, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- The board of directors of The E.W. Scripps Company (NASDAQ: SSP) has declared a cash dividend for the first quarter of 2020 and authorized a new share repurchase program up to $100 million of the company's Class A common shares. First-quarter dividendScripps shareholders of record as of March 16, 2020, will receive 5 cents per share, payable on March 25, 2020. The dividend will be paid out of the company's surplus. The company intends to pay regular quarterly cash dividends for the foreseeable future. All subsequent dividends will be reviewed quarterly and declared by the board at its discretion. The declaration and payment of future dividends will be dependent upon, among other things, the company's financial position, results of operations, cash flow and other factors. Share repurchase programScripps shares may be repurchased from time to time at management's discretion, either in the open market, through pre-arranged trading plans or in privately negotiated block transactions. This authorization runs through March 1, 2022. The last repurchase program, which the board of directors initially authorized in November 2016 and extended in June 2018, expires March 1, 2020. Forward-looking statementsThis document contains certain forward-looking statements related to the company's businesses that are based on management's current expectations. Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, trends and uncertainties, including changes in advertising demand and other economic conditions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this document and should be evaluated with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. A detailed discussion of principal risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the company's Form 10-K on file with the SEC in the section titled "Risk Factors." The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date the statement is made. About ScrippsThe E.W. Scripps Company (NASDAQ: SSP) advances understanding of the world through journalism. As the nation's fourth-largest independent TV station owner, Scripps operates 60 television stations in 42 markets. Scripps empowers the next generation of news consumers with its multiplatform news network Newsy and reaches growing audiences through broadcast networks including Bounce and Court TV. Shaping the future of storytelling through digital audio, Scripps owns top podcast company Stitcher and Triton, the global leader in technology and measurement services. Scripps runs an award-winning investigative reporting newsroom in Washington, D.C., and is the longtime steward of the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Founded in 1878, Scripps has held for decades to the motto, "Give light and the people will find their own way." SOURCE The E.W. Scripps Company Related Links http://www.scripps.com

County Bancorp Announces Share Repurchase Program New program designed to complement long term balanced approach to capital allocation MANITOWOC, Wis., Jan. 29, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- County Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: ICBK), the parent company for Investors Community Bank, announced today that its Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to 673,000 shares of its common stock through January 2023. Shares of common stock may be purchased under the program periodically in privately negotiated transactions or in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, and pursuant to a trading plan in accordance with applicable securities laws. We are pleased to announce our share repurchase program, as it highlights our focus on building a well-balanced capital allocation program, said Tim Schneider, President of County Bancorp, Inc. The improvements we made to our balance sheet and portfolio in 2019 have enabled County Bancorp to initiate the repurchase program, and we plan to act strategically and opportunistically with our share repurchases. As we move forward, we will look to balance free cash flow across multiple levers, including investing in our business, supporting our quarterly dividend, employing opportunistic share repurchases, and evaluating other opportunities to create shareholder value. The actual means and timing of any purchases, target number of shares and prices or range of prices under the repurchase program, which the Company will determine in its discretion, will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company's common stock, share issuances under the Company's equity plans, general market and economic conditions and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The Company's Board of Directors may modify, amend or terminate the program at any time. There is no assurance that the Company will purchase any shares under the program. About County Bancorp, Inc. County Bancorp, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation and registered bank holding company founded in May 1996, and our wholly-owned subsidiary Investors Community Bank, a Wisconsin-chartered bank, are headquartered in Manitowoc, Wisconsin. The state of Wisconsin is often referred to as America s Dairyland, and one of the niches we have developed is providing financial services to agricultural businesses statewide, with a primary focus on dairy-related lending. We also serve business and retail customers throughout Wisconsin, with a focus on northeastern and central Wisconsin. Our customers are served from our full-service locations in Manitowoc, Appleton, Green Bay, and Stevens Point and our loan production offices in Darlington, Eau Claire, Fond du Lac and Sheboygan. Visit our Investor Relations site for details: Investors.ICBK.com

Repligen Reports Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results and Updates Full Year 2020 Financial Guidance Reports record quarterly revenue of $87.5 million Overall revenue grew 24% year-over-year, with organic growth of 19% Raises revenue guidance to $332-$340 million for full year 2020, representing 18%-21% organic growth Completes acquisition of silicone molding and tubing manufacturer Engineered Molding Technology WALTHAM, Mass., July 30, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Repligen Corporation (NASDAQ:RGEN), a life sciences company focused on bioprocessing technology leadership, today reported financial results for its second quarter of 2020. Provided in this press release are financial highlights for the three- and six- month periods ended June 30, 2020, updates to our financial guidance for the fiscal year 2020 and access information for today s webcast and conference call. Tony J. Hunt, President and Chief Executive Officer said, I m pleased to report that the company delivered outstanding financial performance during the second quarter as we continue to focus on keeping all our manufacturing sites fully operational and managing our supply chain and logistics while also prioritizing the health and safety of our employees. During the second quarter, we saw increased demand in all of our product franchises, highlighted by strong growth in Asia and a significant pick up in orders both in the quarter and into the second half of 2020 related to COVID-19 vaccine and therapeutic programs. We finished the quarter by announcing our acquisition of Engineered Molding Technology, which closed in July, to enhance our single-use portfolio. We are confident about the full year outlook for the company and are updating guidance to reflect our expectations for margin expansion and revenue growth in the range of 23%-26%. . Financial Highlights for the Second Quarter 2020 Revenue increased by 24% year-over-year as reported and 19% organically, to $87.5 million GAAP gross margin increased to 57.9%, and adjusted gross margin (non-GAAP) was 58.2% GAAP fully diluted EPS increased to $0.30 compared to $0.17 for the second quarter of 2019 Adjusted fully diluted EPS (non-GAAP) increased to $0.42 compared to $0.33 for the second quarter of 2019 Financial Highlights for the First Half of 2020 Revenue increased by 25% year-over-year as reported and 17% organically, to $163.6 million GAAP gross margin increased to 57.9%, and adjusted gross margin (non-GAAP) was 58.3% GAAP fully diluted EPS increased to $0.48 compared to $0.34 for the first half of 2019 Adjusted fully diluted EPS (non-GAAP) increased to $0.74 compared to $0.59 for the first half of 2019 Financial Details for the Second Quarter and First Half of 2020 REVENUE Total revenue for the second quarter of 2020 increased to $87.5 million compared to $70.7 million for the second quarter of 2019, a year-over-year gain of 24% as reported and 25% at constant currency, with organic growth of 19%. Total revenue for the first half of 2020 increased to $163.6 million compared to $131.3 million for the first half of 2019, a year-over-year gain of 25% as reported. GROSS PROFIT and GROSS MARGIN Gross profit (GAAP) for the second quarter of 2020 was $50.6 million, a year-over-year increase of $10.6 million and representing 57.9% gross margin. Adjusted gross profit (non-GAAP) for the second quarter of 2020 was $50.9 million, a year-over-year increase of $9.5 million and representing 58.2% gross margin. Gross profit (GAAP) for the first half of 2020 was $94.7 million, a year-over-year increase of $20.9 million and representing 57.9% gross margin. Adjusted gross profit (non-GAAP) for the first half of 2020 was $95.4 million, a year-over-year increase of $20.1 million and representing 58.3% gross margin. OPERATING INCOME Operating income (GAAP) for the second quarter of 2020 was $19.5 million compared to $11.1 million for the second quarter of 2019. Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP) for the second quarter of 2020 was $25.5 million, an increase of 27% compared to $20.1 million for the second quarter of 2019. Operating income (GAAP) for the first half of 2020 was $31.4 million compared to $22.2 million for the first half of 2019. Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP) for the first half of 2020 was $43.9 million, an increase of 23% compared to $35.7 million for the first half of 2019. NET INCOME Net income (GAAP) for the second quarter of 2020 was $15.9 million, an increase of 96% compared to $8.1 million for the second quarter of 2019. Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) for the second quarter of 2020 was $22.5 million, an increase of 39% compared to $16.2 million for the second quarter of 2019. Net income (GAAP) for the first half of 2020 was $25.7 million, an increase of 59% compared to $16.1 million for the first half of 2019. Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) for the first half of 2020 was $39.3 million, an increase of 38% compared to $28.4 million for the first half of 2019. EARNINGS PER SHARE Earnings per share (GAAP) for the second quarter of 2020 increased to $0.30 on a fully diluted basis, compared to $0.17 for the second quarter of 2019. Adjusted EPS (non-GAAP) for the second quarter of 2020 increased to $0.42 on a fully diluted basis, compared to $0.33 for the 2019 period. Earnings per share (GAAP) for the first half of 2020 increased to $0.48 on a fully diluted basis, compared to $0.34 for the first half of 2019. Adjusted EPS (non-GAAP) for the first half of 2020 increased to $0.74 on a fully diluted basis, compared to $0.59 for the first half of 2019. EBITDA EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, increased to $25.3 million for the second quarter of 2020, compared to $15.2 million for the second quarter of 2019. Adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter of 2020 increased to $27.4 million, compared to $21.7 million for the second quarter of 2019. EBITDA increased to $43.9 million for the first half of 2020, compared to $30.9 million for the first half of 2019. Adjusted EBITDA for the first half of 2020 increased to $48.6 million, compared to $39.2 million for the first half of 2019. CASH Our cash and cash equivalents at June 30, 2020 were $560.4 million, an increase of $32 million from $528.4 million at December 31, 2019. All reconciliations of GAAP to adjusted (non-GAAP) figures above, as well as EBITDA to adjusted EBITDA, are detailed in the reconciliation tables included later in this press release. Financial Guidance for 2020 Our financial guidance for the fiscal year 2020 is based on expectations for our existing business and includes the financial impact of our acquisition of C Technologies (which closed on May 31, 2019) and Engineered Molding Technology (which closed on July 13, 2020). The guidance below excludes the impact of potential additional acquisitions and future fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. FISCAL YEAR 2020 GUIDANCE: Total revenue is projected to be in the range of $332-$340 million, an increase from our previous guidance of $309-$319 million. Our current guidance reflects overall revenue growth of 23%-26%, and organic revenue growth of 18%-21%. Gross margin is expected to be in the range of 56.5%-57.0% on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, compared to our previous guidance of 56%-57%. Income from operations is expected to be in the range of $59-$62 million on a GAAP basis, an increase from our previous guidance of $52-$56 million. Adjusted (non-GAAP) income from operations is expected to be in the range of $81-$84 million, an increase from our previous guidance of $72-$76 million. Net income is expected to be in the range of $41-$44 million on a GAAP basis, an increase from our previous guidance of $34.5-$37.5 million. Adjusted (non-GAAP) net income is expected to be in the range of $66-$69 million, an increase from our previous guidance of $58-$61 million. Our current guidance reflects an adjusted tax rate of 18% on adjusted pre-tax income, compared to our previous guidance of 20%. Fully diluted GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.77-$0.82, an increase from our previous guidance of $0.65-$0.70. Adjusted (non-GAAP) fully diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.24-$1.29, an increase from our previous guidance of $1.09-$1.14. Our non-GAAP guidance for the fiscal year 2020 excludes the following items: $5.7 million estimated acquisition and integration expenses; $0.5 million in cost of product revenue, $0.5 million in R&D and $4.7 million in SG&A. Expected inventory step-up charges of $0.2 million related to the acquisition of Engineered Molding Technology. $15.7 million estimated intangible amortization expense; $0.3 million in cost of product revenue and $15.5 million in SG&A. $11.0 million of non-cash interest expense (Other income (expense)) related to our convertible debt notes. Our non-GAAP guidance for the fiscal year 2020 includes: An income tax expense of $7.8 million, representing the tax impact of acquisition and integration, inventory step-up, and intangible amortization expenses, as well as non-cash interest expenses related to our convertible debt notes. All reconciliations of GAAP to adjusted (non-GAAP) guidance are detailed in the tables included later in this press release. Conference Call Repligen will host a conference call and webcast today, July 30, 2020, at 8:30 a.m. EDT, to discuss second quarter 2020 financial results and corporate developments. The conference call will be accessible by dialing toll-free (844) 701-1063 for domestic callers or (412) 317-5487 for international callers. No passcode is required for the live call. In addition, a webcast will be accessible via the Investor Relations section of the Company s website. Both the conference call and webcast will be archived for a period of time following the live event. The replay dial-in numbers are (877) 344-7529 from the U.S., (855) 669-9658 from Canada and (412) 317-0088 for international callers. Replay listeners must provide the passcode 10146361. Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance To supplement our financial statements, which are presented on the basis of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), the following non-GAAP measures of financial performance are included in this release: revenue growth rate at constant currency, adjusted gross profit and adjusted gross margin, adjusted income from operations and adjusted operating margin, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted net income per share, adjusted earnings per diluted share (EPS), adjusted cost of sales, adjusted research & development expense, adjusted selling, general and administrative expense, adjusted income tax expense and adjusted income tax rate. The Company provides organic revenue growth rates in constant currency to exclude the impact of both foreign currency translation, and the impact of acquisition revenue for current year periods that have no prior year comparable, in order to facilitate a comparison of its current revenue performance to its past revenue performance. The Company provides revenue growth rates in constant currency in order to facilitate a comparison of its current revenue performance to its past revenue performance. To calculate revenue growth rates in constant currency, the Company converts actual net sales from local currency to U.S. dollars using constant foreign currency exchange rates in the current and prior period. The Company s non-GAAP financial results and/or non-GAAP guidance exclude the impact of: acquisition and integration costs, inventory step-up charges and intangible amortization costs related to the Company s acquisitions, as well as non-cash interest expenses related to the Company s convertible debt, and the related impact on tax of non-GAAP charges. These costs are excluded because management believes that such expenses do not have a direct correlation to future business operations, nor do the resulting charges recorded accurately reflect the performance of our ongoing operations for the period in which such charges are recorded. A reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted non-GAAP financial measures is included as an attachment to this press release. When analyzing the Company s operating performance and guidance investors should not consider non-GAAP measures as substitutable for the comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. About Repligen Corporation Repligen Corporation is a global life sciences company that develops and commercializes highly innovative bioprocessing technologies and systems that increase efficiencies in the process of manufacturing biological drugs. We are inspiring advances in bioprocessing for the customers we serve; primarily biopharmaceutical drug developers and contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) worldwide. Our corporate headquarters are located in Waltham, MA (USA), and we have additional administrative and manufacturing operations in Marlborough, MA; Bridgewater, NJ; Rancho Dominguez, CA; Clifton Park, NY; Lund, Sweden; Breda, The Netherlands and Ravensburg, Germany. The following constitutes a Safe Harbor statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release contains forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Investors are cautioned that statements in this press release which are not strictly historical statements, including, without limitation, express or implied statements or guidance regarding current or future financial performance and position, including cash and investment position, demand in the markets in which we operate, the expected performance of our business, the expected performance of the C Technologies and Engineered Molding Technology businesses, the expected performance and success of our strategic partnerships, management s strategy, plans and objectives for future operations or acquisitions, product development and sales, selling, general and administrative expenditures, intellectual property, development and manufacturing plans, availability of materials and product and adequacy of capital resources, our financing plans, and the projected impact of, and response to, the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic, and the related downturn of the U.S. and global economies constitute forward-looking statements identified by words like believe, expect, may, will, should, seek, anticipate, or could and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, including, without limitation, risks associated with the following: the effect of the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic, including mitigation efforts and economic effects, on our business operations and the operations of our customers and suppliers; the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic on our business or financial results; our ability to successfully grow our bioprocessing business, including as a result of acquisition, commercialization or partnership opportunities; our ability to successfully integrate any acquisitions, our ability to develop and commercialize products and the market acceptance of our products; our ability to integrate the C Technologies and Engineered Molding Technology businesses successfully into our business and achieve the expected benefits of the acquisitions; reduced demand for our products that adversely impacts our future revenues, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition; our ability to compete with larger, better financed bioprocessing, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies; our compliance with all U.S. Food and Drug Administration and EMEA regulations; our volatile stock price; and other risks detailed in Repligen s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the other reports that Repligen periodically files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those Repligen contemplated by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect management s current views and Repligen does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect a change in its views or events or circumstances that occur after the date hereof except as required by law. Repligen Contact: Sondra S. Newman Global Head of Investor Relations (781) 419-1881 investors@repligen.com REPLIGEN CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited, amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Revenue: Product revenue $ 87,432 $ 70,670 $ 163,492 $ 131,282 Royalty and other revenue 30 22 60 44 Total revenue 87,462 70,692 163,552 131,326 Costs and expenses: Cost of product revenue 36,863 30,708 68,845 57,553 Research and development 4,336 5,231 9,038 8,851 Selling, general and administrative 26,726 23,699 54,226 42,697 67,925 59,638 132,109 109,101 Income from operations 19,537 11,054 31,443 22,225 Investment income 253 1,005 1,617 1,718 Interest expense (3,004 ) (1,743 ) (5,980 ) (3,469 ) Other income, net (766 ) (697 ) (384 ) (339 ) Income before income taxes 16,020 9,619 26,696 20,135 Income tax provision 159 1,524 1,020 3,987 Net income $ 15,861 $ 8,095 $ 25,676 $ 16,148 Earnings per share: Basic $ 0.30 $ 0.17 $ 0.49 $ 0.36 Diluted $ 0.30 $ 0.17 $ 0.48 $ 0.34 Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 52,381,201 46,367,187 52,259,937 45,174,134 Diluted 53,305,827 49,055,814 53,212,596 47,691,772 Balance Sheet Data: June 30, 2020 December 31, 2019 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 560,364 $ 528,392 Working capital 642,756 593,515 Total assets 1,442,045 1,400,113 Long-term obligations 297,617 292,032 Accumulated earnings 31,519 5,843 Stockholders' equity 1,100,027 1,059,768 REPLIGEN CORPORATION RECONCILIATION OF GAAP INCOME FROM OPERATIONS TO NON-GAAP (ADJUSTED) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS (Unaudited, amounts in thousands) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 GAAP INCOME FROM OPERATIONS $ 19,537 $ 11,054 $ 31,443 $ 22,225 ADJUSTMENTS TO INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS: Acquisition and integration costs 2,134 4,822 4,687 6,621 Intangible amortization 3,874 3,051 7,752 5,662 Inventory step-up charges - 1,169 - 1,169 ADJUSTED INCOME FROM OPERATIONS $ 25,545 $ 20,096 $ 43,882 $ 35,677 REPLIGEN CORPORATION RECONCILIATION OF GAAP NET INCOME TO NON-GAAP (ADJUSTED) NET INCOME (Unaudited, amounts in thousands) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 GAAP NET INCOME $ 15,861 $ 8,095 $ 25,676 $ 16,148 ADJUSTMENTS TO NET INCOME: Acquisition and integration costs 2,134 5,322 4,687 7,121 Inventory step-up charges - 1,169 - 1,169 Intangible amortization 3,874 3,051 7,752 5,662 Non-cash interest expense 2,724 1,124 5,415 2,231 Tax effect of non-GAAP charges (1) (2,085 ) (2,610 ) (4,262 ) (3,961 ) ADJUSTED NET INCOME $ 22,508 $ 16,151 $ 39,268 $ 28,370 (1) Effective as of the quarter ended June 30, 2019, the Company changed its methodology for calculating its non-GAAP financial measures to reflect certain tax effects related to acquisition and integration costs, intangible amortization and non-cash interest expense. Accordingly, the non-GAAP financial measures for the three months ended June 30, 2019 have been updated to be consistent with the methodology used to calculate such measures for the current period. REPLIGEN CORPORATION RECONCILIATION OF GAAP NET INCOME PER SHARE TO NON-GAAP (ADJUSTED) NET INCOME PER SHARE (Unaudited) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 GAAP NET INCOME PER SHARE - DILUTED $ 0.30 $ 0.17 $ 0.48 $ 0.34 ADJUSTMENTS TO NET INCOME PER SHARE - DILUTED: Acquisition and integration costs 0.04 0.11 0.09 0.15 Inventory step-up charges - 0.02 - 0.02 Intangible amortization 0.07 0.06 0.15 0.12 Non-cash interest expense 0.05 0.02 0.10 0.05 Tax effect of non-GAAP charges(1) (0.04 ) (0.05 ) (0.08 ) (0.09 ) ADJUSTED NET INCOME PER SHARE - DILUTED 0.42 $ 0.33 $ 0.74 $ 0.59 Totals may not add due to rounding. (1) Effective as of the quarter ended June 30, 2019, the Company changed its methodology for calculating its non-GAAP financial measures to reflect certain tax effects related to acquisition and integration costs, intangible amortization and non-cash interest expense. Accordingly, the non-GAAP financial measures for the three months ended June 30, 2019 have been updated to be consistent with the methodology used to calculate such measures for the current period. REPLIGEN CORPORATION RECONCILIATION OF GAAP NET INCOME TO ADJUSTED EBITDA (Unaudited, amounts in thousands) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 GAAP NET INCOME $ 15,861 $ 8,095 $ 25,676 $ 16,148 ADJUSTMENTS: Investment Income (253 ) (1,005 ) (1,617 ) (1,718 ) Interest Expense 3,004 1,743 5,980 3,469 Tax Provision 159 1,524 1,020 3,987 Depreciation 2,578 1,762 5,063 3,337 Amortization(1) 3,902 3,079 7,807 5,716 EBITDA 25,251 15,198 43,929 30,939 OTHER ADJUSTMENTS: Acquisition and integration costs 2,134 5,322 4,687 7,121 Inventory step-up charges - 1,169 - 1,169 ADJUSTED EBITDA $ 27,385 $ 21,689 $ 48,616 $ 39,229 (1 ) Includes amortization of milestone payments in accordance with GAAP of $27 for the three months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 and $55 for the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019. REPLIGEN CORPORATION RECONCILIATION OF GAAP COST OF SALES TO NON-GAAP (ADJUSTED) COST OF SALES (Unaudited, amounts in thousands) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 GAAP COST OF SALES $ 36,863 $ 30,708 $ 68,845 $ 57,553 ADJUSTMENT TO COST OF SALES: Acquisition and integration costs (185 ) (133 ) (465 ) (151 ) Inventory step-up charges - (1,169 ) - (1,169 ) Intangible amortization (127 ) (130 ) (254 ) (264 ) ADJUSTED COST OF SALES $ 36,551 $ 29,276 $ 68,126 $ 55,969 REPLIGEN CORPORATION RECONCILIATION OF GAAP R&D EXPENSE TO NON-GAAP (ADJUSTED) R&D EXPENSE (Unaudited, amounts in thousands) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 GAAP R&D $ 4,336 $ 5,231 $ 9,038 $ 8,851 ADJUSTMENT TO R&D: Acquisition and integration costs (189 ) (100 ) (471 ) (127 ) ADJUSTED R&D $ 4,147 $ 5,131 $ 8,567 $ 8,724 REPLIGEN CORPORATION RECONCILIATION OF GAAP SG&A EXPENSE TO NON-GAAP (ADJUSTED) SG&A EXPENSE (Unaudited, amounts in thousands) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 GAAP SG&A EXPENSE $ 26,726 $ 23,699 $ 54,226 $ 42,697 ADJUSTMENTS TO SG&A EXPENSE: Acquisition and integration costs (1,760 ) (4,590 ) (3,750 ) (6,343 ) Intangible amortization (3,747 ) (2,921 ) (7,498 ) (5,398 ) ADJUSTED SG&A EXPENSE $ 21,219 $ 16,188 $ 42,977 $ 30,956

Rowan Reliance Awarded Contract by Fieldwood HOUSTON, Oct. 29, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Rowan Companies plc ("Rowan" or the "Company") (NYSE: RDC) announced today that the Rowan Reliance, an R-Class ultra-deepwater drillship, has been awarded a contract in the United States Gulf of Mexico by Fieldwood Energy LLC with a firm term of one year plus three 90-day options at then market rates. The contract is expected to commence the first quarter of 2019. The Rowan Reliance is currently warm stacked offshore Louisiana in the US Gulf of Mexico. Tom Burke, Rowan's President and Chief Executive Officer, commented, "We are excited to continue our long-standing relationship with Fieldwood, a premier offshore operator, and look forward to a successful, long-term partnership with this major player in the Gulf of Mexico." In addition, Cantium has extended its previously announced contract for the EXL III in the US Gulf of Mexico by three months. The firm term of this contract is now nine months followed by two six-month options with increasing day rates. Finally, BP has extended its contract with the Joe Douglas in Trinidad by one well with an expected duration of 76 days. The extension includes one additional two-well option at then market rates. Rowan is a global provider of contract drilling services with a fleet of 25 mobile offshore drilling units, composed of 21 self-elevating jack-up rigs and four ultra-deepwater drillships. The Company's fleet operates worldwide, including the United States Gulf of Mexico, the United Kingdom and Norwegian sectors of the North Sea, the Middle East, the Mediterranean Sea, and Trinidad. Additionally, the Company is a 50/50 partner in a joint venture with Saudi Aramco, entitled ARO Drilling, that owns a fleet of seven self-elevating jack-up rigs that operate in the Arabian Gulf. The Company's Class A Ordinary Shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "RDC." For more information on the Company, please visit www.rowan.com. Statements herein that are not historical facts are forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation, statements as to the effective commencement date and duration of the contracts. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to numerous risks, assumptions, trends and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include oil and natural gas prices and the impact of the economic climate; changes in the offshore drilling market, including fluctuations in supply and demand; variable levels of drilling activity and expenditures in the energy industry; changes in day rates; ability to secure future drilling contracts; cancellation, early termination or renegotiation by our customers of drilling contracts; customer credit and risk of customer bankruptcy; risks associated with fixed cost drilling operations; unplanned downtime; risks related to our joint venture with Saudi Aramco, including the timing and amount of future distributions from the joint venture or contributions to the joint venture; cost overruns or delays in transportation of drilling units; cost overruns or delays in maintenance, repairs, or other rig projects; operating hazards and equipment failure; risks of collision and damage; casualty losses and limitations on insurance coverage; weather conditions in the Company's operating areas; increasing costs of compliance with regulations; changes in tax laws and interpretations by taxing authorities; hostilities, terrorism, and piracy; impairments; cyber incidents; the outcomes of disputes, including tax disputes and legal proceedings; and other risks disclosed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date hereof, and the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. SOURCE Rowan Companies plc

Matrix NAC Awarded Master Products and Services Contract by Chevron Products Company TULSA, Okla., Feb. 13, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Matrix Service Company (Nasdaq:MTRX) announced today that Chevron Products Company has awarded Matrix NAC, the Company s union subsidiary, a Master Products and Services Contract for turnaround and plant services for its U.S. refineries, including mechanical work, welding and piping work and other turnaround-related services, as well as tank repair and maintenance services. We take great pride in our longstanding, enterprise-wide relationship with Chevron," said John R. Hewitt, CEO of Matrix Service Company. "We appreciate the ongoing trust Chevron has in our people to meet their exacting standards of safety and quality and look forward to supporting facility maintenance and capital project needs across their integrated energy and chemicals business in the downstream segment. This award expands Matrix NAC s geographic reach into California to provide its customers with the high level of services needed to complete their storage and refining construction, maintenance and repair projects. About Matrix Service Company Founded in 1984, Matrix Service Company is parent to a family of companies that include Matrix Service, Matrix NAC, Matrix PDM Engineering and Matrix Applied Technologies. Our subsidiaries design, build and maintain infrastructure critical to North America s energy, power and industrial markets. Matrix Service Company is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma with subsidiary offices located throughout the United States and Canada, as well as Sydney, Australia and Seoul, South Korea. The Company reports its financial results based on four key operating segments: Electrical Infrastructure, Storage Solutions, Oil Gas & Chemical and Industrial. To learn more about Matrix Service Company, visit matrixservicecompany.com. For more information, please contact: Kevin S. Cavanah Matrix Service Company Vice President and CFO T: 918-838-8822 E: kcavanah@matrixservicecompany.com Alpha IR Group Investor Relations Robert Winters T: 312-445-2870 E: MTRX@alpha-ir.com This release contains forward-looking statements that are made in reliance upon the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are generally accompanied by words such as anticipate, continues, expect, forecast, outlook, believe, estimate, should and will and words of similar effect that convey future meaning, concerning the Company s operations, economic performance and management s best judgment as to what may occur in the future. Future events involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those we currently anticipate. The actual results for the current and future periods and other corporate developments will depend upon a number of economic, competitive and other influences, including those factors discussed in the Risk Factors and Forward Looking Statements sections and elsewhere in the Company s reports and filings made from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Many of these risks and uncertainties are beyond the control of the Company, and any one of which, or a combination of which, could materially and adversely affect the results of the Company's operations and its financial condition. We undertake no obligation to update information contained in this release.

Conduent Wins Contract Worth Approximately $1 Billion with Global Fortune 50 Company Renews long standing relationship that brings significant increase of new business FLORHAM PARK, N.J., July 16, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Conduent Incorporated (NYSE: CNDT), a digital interactions company, announced today it has been awarded a three-year contract, worth approximately $1 billion, renewing digital interactions services with a U.S.-based Fortune 50 company. "Platform-driven digital interactions is a source of competitive advantage in the marketplace, driving positive purchasing power and brand loyalty," said Christine Landry, group chief executive, Consumer & Industrials, Conduent. "This award demonstrates that digital experiences are a powerful and must-have differentiator. Our platform portfolio, technology expertise and ability to understand customer needs set us apart from the competition with this Fortune 50 brand." To support the contract and meet the client's customer interaction needs, Conduent plans to hire 1,000 people to fill jobs globally in the United States, Europe and Asia. This fits a part of Conduent's core business focus that it calls Accushoring , allowing the company to use talent anywhere in the world and giving it the flexibility to leverage human capital from locations with the best balance of skill, availability and costs. Conduent helps companies transform with automated, modern services, using technology to create new models of customer support. Through the combination of digital processes, legacy expertise and ability to deliver individualized interactions at massive scale, Conduent enables companies in all industries to reduce costs, better serve customers and ultimately increase profitability. With more than 25 years supporting clients' customer interactions around the globe in more than 30 languages, Conduent continues to be recognized by industry analysts for leadership in this area. Click to Tweet LinkedIn About Conduent Conduent creates digital platforms and services for businesses and governments to manage millions of interactions every day for those they serve. We are leveraging the power of cloud, mobile and IoT, combined with technologies such as automation, cognitive and blockchain to elevate every constituent interaction, driving modern digital experiences that are more efficient, helpful and satisfying. Conduent's differentiated offerings touch millions of lives every day, including two-thirds of all insured patients in the U.S. and nearly nine million people who travel through toll systems daily. Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning Conduent serves a majority of the Fortune 100 companies and more than 500 government entities. Learn more at www.conduent.com. Note: To receive RSS news feeds, visit www.news.conduent.com. For open commentary, industry perspectives and views, visit http://twitter.com/Conduent, http://www.linkedin.com/company/conduent or http://www.facebook.com/Conduent. Conduent is a trademark of Conduent Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries. SOURCE Conduent Incorporated Related Links https://www.conduent.com

OceanFirst Financial Corp. Announces 2019 Stock Repurchase Program RED BANK, N.J., Dec. 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OceanFirst Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:OCFC) (the Company ), the holding company for OceanFirst Bank, today announced the authorization of the Board of Directors of the 2019 Stock Repurchase Program to repurchase approximately 5% of the Company s outstanding common stock up to an additional 2,500,000 shares. This amount is in addition to the remaining 167,996 shares available under the existing 2017 Repurchase Program. The Company believes the repurchase of shares remains a good long-term investment opportunity due to the current market prices of the common stock; general market and economic conditions affecting the Company, the Bank and the banking industry in general; and the other alternatives available for investment by the Company. OceanFirst Financial Corp.'s press releases are available at http://www.oceanfirst.com. Forward-Looking Statements In addition to historical information, this news release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans, strategies and expectations of the Company. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by use of the words "believe," "expect," "intend," "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "will," "should," "may," "view," "opportunity," "potential," or similar expressions or expressions of confidence. The Company's ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries include, but are not limited to: changes in interest rates, general economic conditions, levels of unemployment in the Bank s lending area, real estate market values in the Bank s lending area, future natural disasters and increases to flood insurance premiums, the level of prepayments on loans and mortgage-backed securities, legislative/regulatory changes, monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government including policies of the U.S. Treasury and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the quality or composition of the loan or investment portfolios, demand for loan products, deposit flows, competition, demand for financial services in the Company's market area and accounting principles and guidelines. These risks and uncertainties are further discussed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and subsequent securities filings and should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. The Company does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to publicly release the result of any revisions which may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.

Karyopharm Announces FDA Approval of XPOVIO (selinexor) for the Treatment of Patients with Relapsed or Refractory Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma (DLBCL) -- XPOVIO is Now the Only Single-Agent, Oral Therapy Approved for the Treatment of Patients with Relapsed or Refractory Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma, Including DLBCL Arising from Follicular Lymphoma -- -- XPOVIO is the First and Only FDA-Approved Drug for Use in Both Multiple Myeloma and DLBCL -- -- Conference Call Scheduled for Today at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time -- NEWTON, Mass., June 22, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq:KPTI), an innovation-driven pharmaceutical company, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved oral XPOVIO (selinexor), the Company s first-in-class, Selective Inhibitor of Nuclear Export (SINE) compound, for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), not otherwise specified, including DLBCL arising from follicular lymphoma, after at least two lines of systemic therapy. This indication was approved based on response rate under the FDA s Accelerated Approval Program, which was developed to allow for expedited approval of drugs that treat serious conditions and that fill an unmet medical need. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial(s). XPOVIO will be commercially available immediately in this new indication in the U.S. and Karyopharm will leverage its existing commercial infrastructure to market this second oncology indication. A Marketing Authorization Application for selinexor for relapsed or refractory DLBCL is planned for submission to the European Medicines Agency in 2021. The accelerated approval of oral XPOVIO in patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL is a significant milestone for the patients and families who currently have limited treatment options available for their disease, said Sharon Shacham, PhD, MBA, Founder, President and Chief Scientific Officer of Karyopharm. This approval marks the first for an oral agent for patients with previously treated DLBCL and the first approval of any single drug for this highly aggressive type of lymphoma. Additionally, this is now the second commercial oncology indication for XPOVIO, highlighting its novel mechanism of action, ease of administration and ability to produce rapid and durable responses in patients with heavily pretreated disease. We share this tremendous achievement with the patients, employees, caregivers and physicians who have tirelessly contributed to the advancement of XPOVIO from its original discovery and clinical development to today s second FDA approval. For the significant number of patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL, there is an important need for new therapies for this particularly vulnerable patient population. Unfortunately, despite often multiple types of chemotherapy and targeted-drug combination therapy, many patients have disease which continues to progress, said John P. Leonard, MD, the Richard T. Silver Distinguished Professor of Hematology and Medical Oncology at Weill Cornell Medicine and an oncologist at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center.1 Single agent, oral XPOVIO demonstrated a clinically meaningful overall response rate of 29%, including a complete response rate of 13%, in the pivotal SADAL study across several disease subtypes. Importantly, some patient responses were durable with 38% of responding patients maintaining a response at 6 months. The clinical profile and tolerability of oral XPOVIO provides physicians and patients with a new treatment alternative to traditional intravenous chemotherapy regimens. We will initiate our XPOVIO commercial launch efforts in DLBCL immediately, expanding our reach across the country for cancer patients in need, said Michael G. Kauffman, MD, PhD, Chief Executive Officer of Karyopharm. Since our founding in 2008, Karyopharm has been focused on exploring the potential of nuclear transport modulators and we are thrilled to now enter this new chapter of growth with our dual-commercialization of the first and only nuclear export inhibitor approved in the U.S. About the Phase 2b SADAL Study The accelerated FDA approval of XPOVIO is based on the results from the multi-center, single-arm Phase 2b SADAL (Selinexor Against Diffuse Aggressive Lymphoma) study (NCT02227251), which evaluated 134 patients (median of 2 prior systemic therapies with a range of 1-5) with relapsed or refractory DLBCL. Patients were administered a fixed 60 mg dose of XPOVIO given orally twice weekly for a four-week cycle. Patients with germinal center B-cell (GCB) or non-GCB subtypes of DLBCL were included in enrollment. The SADAL study met its primary endpoint of overall response rate (ORR) with an ORR of 29%, including 18 (13%) complete responses (CRs) and 21 (16%) partial responses (PRs). Key secondary endpoints included a median duration of response (DOR) in the responding patients. In the responding patients, 56% maintained a response at 3 months, 38% at 6 months and 15% at 12 months. All 134 patients were included in the safety analyses. The most common treatment-related adverse events (AEs) were cytopenias along with gastrointestinal and constitutional symptoms and were generally reversible and managed with dose modifications and/or standard supportive care. The most common non-hematologic AEs were fatigue (63%), nausea (57%), decreased appetite (37%), and diarrhea (37%), and were mostly Grade 1 and 2 events. Grade 3 and 4 laboratory abnormalities in 15% of patients included thrombocytopenia, lymphopenia, neutropenia, anemia, and hyponatremia. Grade 4 laboratory abnormalities in 5% of patients were thrombocytopenia (18%), lymphopenia (5%), and neutropenia (9%). As part of the FDA accelerated approval, the FDA has agreed that the XPORT-DLBCL-030 study could serve as the confirmatory trial for evaluating selinexor in DLBCL. This trial will assess the effect of selinexor or placebo added to a standard backbone immunochemotherapy of rituximab-gemcitabine-dexamethasone-platinum (R-GDP) in patients with 1-3 prior treatments for DLBCL. The rationale for this study is based on data from the ongoing Phase 1B study being conducted by the French Lymphoma Academic Research Organization (LYSARC) (NCT02741388). Karyopharm anticipates the XPORT-DLBCL-030 study will begin by the end of 2020. Conference Call Information Karyopharm will host a conference call today, Monday, June 22, 2020, at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time, to discuss the FDA s approval of XPOVIO for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL. To access the conference call, please dial (855) 437-4406 (local) or (484) 756-4292 (international) at least 10 minutes prior to the start time and refer to conference ID 8794658. A live audio webcast of the call will be available under "Events & Presentations" in the Investor section of the Company's website, http://investors.karyopharm.com/events-presentations . An archived webcast will be available on the Company's website approximately two hours after the event. About XPOVIO (selinexor) XPOVIO is a first-in-class, oral Selective Inhibitor of Nuclear Export (SINE) compound. XPOVIO functions by selectively binding to and inhibiting the nuclear export protein exportin 1 (XPO1, also called CRM1). XPOVIO blocks the nuclear export of tumor suppressor, growth regulatory and anti-inflammatory proteins, leading to accumulation of these proteins in the nucleus and enhancing their anti-cancer activity in the cell. The forced nuclear retention of these proteins can counteract a multitude of the oncogenic pathways that, unchecked, allow cancer cells with severe DNA damage to continue to grow and divide in an unrestrained fashion. Karyopharm received accelerated U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval of XPOVIO in July 2019 in combination with dexamethasone for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed refractory multiple myeloma (RRMM) who have received at least four prior therapies and whose disease is refractory to at least two proteasome inhibitors, at least two immunomodulatory agents, and an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody. Karyopharm has also submitted a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) with a request for conditional approval of selinexor in this same RRMM indication. Karyopharm submitted a supplemental New Drug Application (sNDA) to the FDA requesting an expansion of its current indication to include the treatment for patients with multiple myeloma after at least one prior line of therapy based on the positive results from the Phase 3 BOSTON study which evaluated selinexor in combination with Velcade (bortezomib) and low-dose dexamethasone. In June 2020, Karyopharm received accelerated FDA approval of XPOVIO for its second indication in adult patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), not otherwise specified, including DLBCL arising from follicular lymphoma, after at least 2 lines of systemic therapy. Selinexor is also being evaluated in several other mid-and later-phase clinical trials across multiple cancer indications, including as a potential backbone therapy in combination with approved myeloma therapies (STOMP), in liposarcoma (SEAL) and in endometrial cancer (SIENDO), among others. Additional Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 studies are ongoing or currently planned, including multiple studies in combination with approved therapies in a variety of tumor types to further inform Karyopharm s clinical development priorities for selinexor. Additional clinical trial information for selinexor is available at www.clinicaltrials.gov. For more information about Karyopharm s products or clinical trials, please contact the Medical Information department at: Tel: +1 (888) 209-9326 Email: medicalinformation@karyopharm.com IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Thrombocytopenia: XPOVIO can cause life-threatening thrombocytopenia, potentially leading to hemorrhage. Thrombocytopenia was reported in patients with multiple myeloma (MM) and developed or worsened in patients with DLBCL. Thrombocytopenia is the leading cause of dosage modifications. Monitor platelet counts at baseline and throughout treatment. Monitor more frequently during the first 3 months of treatment. Institute platelet transfusion and/or other treatments as clinically indicated. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of bleeding and evaluate promptly. Interrupt, reduce dose, or permanently discontinue based on severity of adverse reaction. Neutropenia: XPOVIO can cause life-threatening neutropenia, potentially increasing the risk of infection. Neutropenia and febrile neutropenia occurred in patients with MM and in patients with DLBCL. Obtain white blood cell counts with differential at baseline and throughout treatment. Monitor more frequently during the first 3 months of treatment. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of concomitant infection and evaluate promptly. Consider supportive measures, including antimicrobials and growth factors (e.g., G-CSF). Interrupt, reduce dose, or permanently discontinue based on severity of adverse reaction (AR). Gastrointestinal Toxicity: XPOVIO can cause severe gastrointestinal toxicities in patients with MM and DLBCL. Nausea/Vomiting: Provide prophylactic antiemetics. Administer 5-HT3 receptor antagonists and other anti-nausea agents prior to and during treatment with XPOVIO. Interrupt, reduce dose, or permanently discontinue based on severity of ARs. Administer intravenous fluids to prevent dehydration and replace electrolytes as clinically indicated. Diarrhea: Interrupt, reduce dose, or permanently discontinue based on severity of ARs. Provide standard anti-diarrheal agents, administer intravenous fluids to prevent dehydration, and replace electrolytes as clinically indicated. Anorexia/Weight Loss: Monitor weight, nutritional status, and volume status at baseline and throughout treatment. Monitor more frequently during the first 3 months of treatment. Interrupt, reduce dose, or permanently discontinue based on severity of ARs. Provide nutritional support, fluids, and electrolyte repletion as clinically indicated. Hyponatremia: XPOVIO can cause severe or life-threatening hyponatremia. Hyponatremia developed in patients with MM and in patients with DLBCL. Monitor sodium level at baseline and throughout treatment. Monitor more frequently during the first 2 months of treatment. Correct sodium levels for concurrent hyperglycemia (serum glucose >150 mg/dL) and high serum paraprotein levels. Assess hydration status and manage hyponatremia per clinical guidelines, including intravenous saline and/or salt tablets as appropriate and dietary review. Interrupt, reduce dose, or permanently discontinue based on severity of the AR. Serious Infection: XPOVIO can cause serious and fatal infections. Most infections were not associated with Grade 3 or higher neutropenia. Atypical infections reported after taking XPOVIO include, but are not limited to, fungal pneumonia and herpesvirus infection. Monitor for signs and symptoms of infection, and evaluate and treat promptly. Neurological Toxicity: XPOVIO can cause life-threatening neurological toxicities. Coadministration of XPOVIO with other products that cause dizziness or mental status changes may increase the risk of neurological toxicity. Advise patients to refrain from driving and engaging in hazardous occupations or activities, such as operating heavy or potentially dangerous machinery, until the neurological toxicity fully resolves. Optimize hydration status, hemoglobin level, and concomitant medications to avoid exacerbating dizziness or mental status changes. Institute fall precautions as appropriate. Embryo-Fetal Toxicity: XPOVIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise pregnant women of the potential risk to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential and males with a female partner of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with XPOVIO and for 1 week after the last dose. ADVERSE REACTIONS The most common adverse reactions (ARs) in 20% of patients with MM are thrombocytopenia, fatigue, nausea, anemia, decreased appetite, decreased weight, diarrhea, vomiting, hyponatremia, neutropenia, leukopenia, constipation, dyspnea, and upper respiratory tract infection. The most common ARs, excluding laboratory abnormalities, in 20% of patients with DLBCL are fatigue, nausea, diarrhea, appetite decrease, weight decrease, constipation, vomiting, and pyrexia. Grade 3-4 laboratory abnormalities in 15% of patients included thrombocytopenia, lymphopenia, neutropenia, anemia, and hyponatremia. Grade 4 laboratory abnormalities in 5% were thrombocytopenia, lymphopenia, and neutropenia. In patients with MM, fatal ARs occurred in 9% of patients. Serious ARs occurred in 58% of patients. Treatment discontinuation rate due to ARs was 27%. The most frequent ARs requiring permanent discontinuation in 4% of patients included fatigue, nausea, and thrombocytopenia. In patients with DLBCL, fatal ARs occurred in 3.7% of patients within 30 days, and 5% of patients within 60 days of last treatment; the most frequent fatal AR was infection (4.5% of patients). Serious ARs occurred in 46% of patients; the most frequent serious AR was infection. Discontinuation due to ARs occurred in 17% of patients. USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS In MM, no overall difference in effectiveness of XPOVIO was observed in patients >65 years old when compared with younger patients. Patients 75 years old had a higher incidence of discontinuation due to an AR than younger patients, a higher incidence of serious ARs, and a higher incidence of fatal ARs. Clinical studies in patients with relapsed or refractory DLBCL did not include sufficient numbers of patients aged 65 and over to determine whether they respond differently from younger patients. The effect of end-stage renal disease (CL CR <15 mL/min) or hemodialysis on XPOVIO pharmacokinetics is unknown. Please see full Prescribing Information. To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc. at 1-888-209-9326 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch . About Karyopharm Therapeutics Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: KPTI) is an innovation-driven pharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel first-in-class drugs directed against nuclear export and related targets for the treatment of cancer and other major diseases. Karyopharm's Selective Inhibitor of Nuclear Export (SINE) compounds function by binding with and inhibiting the nuclear export protein XPO1 (or CRM1). Karyopharm s lead compound, XPOVIO (selinexor), received accelerated approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in July 2019 in combination with dexamethasone as a treatment for patients with heavily pretreated multiple myeloma. In June 2020, XPOVIO was approved by the FDA as a treatment for patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. A Marketing Authorization Application for selinexor for patients with heavily pretreated multiple myeloma is also currently under review by the European Medicines Agency. In addition to single-agent and combination activity against a variety of human cancers, SINE compounds have also shown biological activity in models of neurodegeneration, inflammation, autoimmune disease, certain viruses and wound-healing. Karyopharm has several investigational programs in clinical or preclinical development. For more information, please visit www.karyopharm.com . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include those regarding Karyopharm s beliefs regarding XPOVIO s ability to treat patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and expectations related to other XPOVIO regulatory submissions. Such statements are subject to numerous important factors, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Karyopharm's control, that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from Karyopharm's current expectations. For example, there can be no guarantee that any positive developments in the development or commercialization of Karyopharm s drug candidate portfolio will result in stock price appreciation. Management s expectations and, therefore, any forward-looking statements in this press release could also be affected by risks and uncertainties relating to a number of other factors, including the following: the risk that the COVID-19 pandemic could disrupt Karyopharm s business more severely than it currently anticipates, including by reducing sales of XPOVIO, interrupting or delaying research and development efforts, impacting the ability to procure sufficient supply for the development and commercialization of selinexor or other product candidates, delaying ongoing or planned clinical trials, impeding the execution of business plans, planned regulatory milestones and timelines, or inconveniencing patients; the adoption of XPOVIO in the commercial marketplace, the timing and costs involved in commercializing XPOVIO or any of Karyopharm s drug candidates that receive regulatory approval; the ability to retain regulatory approval of XPOVIO or any of Karyopharm s drug candidates that receive regulatory approval; Karyopharm's results of clinical trials and preclinical studies, including subsequent analysis of existing data and new data received from ongoing and future studies; the content and timing of decisions made by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and other regulatory authorities, investigational review boards at clinical trial sites and publication review bodies, including with respect to the need for additional clinical studies; the ability of Karyopharm or its third party collaborators or successors in interest to fully perform their respective obligations under the applicable agreement and the potential future financial implications of such agreement; Karyopharm's ability to obtain and maintain requisite regulatory approvals and to enroll patients in its clinical trials; unplanned cash requirements and expenditures; development of drug candidates by Karyopharm s competitors for indications in which Karyopharm is currently developing its drug candidates; and Karyopharm s ability to obtain, maintain and enforce patent and other intellectual property protection for any drug candidates it is developing. These and other risks are described under the caption "Risk Factors" in Karyopharm s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on May 5, 2020, and in other filings that Karyopharm may make with the SEC in the future. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, Karyopharm expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Velcade is a registered trademark of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited. Contacts: Investors: Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc. Ian Karp, Vice President, Investor and Public Relations 857-297-2241 | ikarp@karyopharm.com Media: FTI Consulting Simona Kormanikova or Robert Stanislaro 212-850-5600 | Simona.Kormanikova@fticonsulting.com or robert.stanislaro@fticonsulting.com

SQI Diagnostics Inc. Announces Stock Option Grant TORONTO, Aug. 27, 2020 /PRNewswire/ - SQI Diagnostics Inc. ("SQI" or the "Company") (TSX-V: SQD) (OTCQB: SQIDF), a life sciences and diagnostics company that develops and commercializes proprietary technologies and products for advanced microarray diagnostics, today announced that effective August 26, 2020, it has granted (the "Grants") 1,807,797 stock options ("Options") under the Company' stock option plan, as amended (the "Plan"). The goal of the grant of the Options is to align the interests of the Company's employees, officers and directors with those of shareholders. An aggregate of 510,000 of the Options were granted to two directors of the Company (one of whom is also an officer of the Company). The Options were granted at an exercise price of $0.275. As previously disclosed by the Company on August 18, 2020 (the "August 18 Press Release"), the Plan was amended by the board of directors of the Company on August 17, 2020 and, as such, the Plan, and the Grants, are subject to disinterested shareholder approval and the approval of the TSXV. The Company intends to seek such shareholder approval of the Plan and the Grants at its next annual meeting of shareholders. The Options have a term of 10 years and vest over a 36-month period. Following the Grant, and subject to disinterested shareholder approval and the approval of the TSXV, including such approvals for the grant of Options to the new CEO of the Company, Mr. Robert Chioini, as disclosed in the August 18 Press Release, 43,209,314 common shares ("Shares") in the capital of the Company will be issuable upon the exercise of the outstanding Options under the Plan (representing approximately 14.1% of the issued and outstanding Shares) and 2,689,433 Shares will remain available for issuance (representing approximately 0.9% of the issued and outstanding Shares). About SQI Diagnostics SQI Diagnostics is a life sciences and diagnostics company that develops clinical grade multiplexed microarray and molecular assays run on its automated instrumentation for the pharmaceutical research, animal health, and clinical diagnostics markets. SQI develops custom research and diagnostic assays that are multiplexed; meaning the simplification, consolidation and automation of many individual tests into one. This increases sample throughput, reduces time, cost and chance for human error, and provides excellent data quality. For more information, please visit www.sqidiagnostics.com. Contact: Chief Financial Officer Morlan Reddock 416.674.9500 ext. 277 [email protected] FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This press release contains certain words and statements, which may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of applicable securities laws relating to future events or future performance and reflect the current expectations and assumptions of the Company regarding its growth, results of operations, performance, business prospects and opportunities. These statements generally can be identified by use of forward-looking words such as "may", "would", "could", "will", "should", "expect", "plan", "estimate", "anticipate", "intends", "believe", "potential", or "continue" or the negative thereof or similar variations. The Company's actual results and performance discussed herein could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such statements are qualified in their entirety by the inherent risks and uncertainties surrounding future expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations include, among other things, general economic and market factors, competition, the effect of the global pandemic and consequent economic disruption, and the factors detailed in the Company's ongoing filings with the securities regulatory authorities, available at www.sedar.com. Although the forward-looking statements contained herein are based on what we consider to be reasonable assumptions based on information currently available to us, there can be no assurance that actual events, performance or results will be consistent with these forward looking statements, and our assumptions may prove to be incorrect. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements either as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. SOURCE SQI Diagnostics Inc. Related Links www.sqidiagnostics.com

Mercury Systems Receives $3.9M Contract to Prepare Next Generation Airborne Radar Processing Subsystems for Production ANDOVER, Mass., May 30, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Mercury Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: MRCY, www.mrcy.com ) announced it received a $3.9 million development contract from a leading defense Prime contractor to prepare next generation airborne radar processing subsystems for production at the Company s secure and trusted Defense Microelectronics Activity (DMEA)-accredited manufacturing facility. The Company expects that the contract will be fulfilled by the end of the calendar year. The compute power and density needed by our customer s next-generation radar requires our unique ability to package state-of-the-art processing power into compact modules that can withstand harsh shock and vibration environments, said Joe Plunkett, Senior Director and General Manager for Mercury s Sensor Processing Solutions group. Our customer is leveraging Mercury s proven packaging and liquid cooling technologies to achieve the processing speed, reliability and ruggedness required for this highly scalable radar system. Each small form factor processing subsystem is powered by the latest data center-level Intel Xeon processors, which are packaged for Sensor Open Systems Architecture (SOSA)-compatibility. To reduce program risk, Mercury is leveraging its advanced, proven OpenVPX packaging and cooling technologies, which have a technical readiness level of nine (TRL-9), to deliver the reliable high-performance processing required. For more information, visit www.mrcy.com or contact Mercury at (866) 627-6951 or info@mrcy.com . Mercury Systems Innovation That Matters Mercury Systems is a leading commercial provider of secure sensor and safety-critical processing subsystems. Optimized for customer and mission success, Mercury's solutions power a wide variety of critical defense and intelligence programs. Headquartered in Andover, Mass., Mercury is pioneering a next-generation defense electronics business model specifically designed to meet the industry's current and emerging technology needs. To learn more, visit www.mrcy.com and follow us on Twitter . Forward-Looking Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains certain forward-looking statements, as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including those relating to the products and services described herein and to fiscal 2019 business performance and beyond and the Company s plans for growth and improvement in profitability and cash flow. You can identify these statements by the use of the words may, will, could, should, would, plans, expects, anticipates, continue, estimate, project, intend, likely, forecast, probable, potential, and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, continued funding of defense programs, the timing and amounts of such funding, general economic and business conditions, including unforeseen weakness in the Company s markets, effects of any U.S. Federal government shutdown or extended continuing resolution, effects of continued geopolitical unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology and methods of marketing, delays in completing engineering and manufacturing programs, changes in customer order patterns, changes in product mix, continued success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations, changes in, or in the U.S. Government s interpretation of, federal export control or procurement rules and regulations, market acceptance of the Company's products, shortages in components, production delays or unanticipated expenses due to performance quality issues with outsourced components, inability to fully realize the expected benefits from acquisitions and restructurings, or delays in realizing such benefits, challenges in integrating acquired businesses and achieving anticipated synergies, increases in interest rates, changes to cyber-security regulations and requirements, changes in tax rates or tax regulations, changes to interest rate swaps or other cash flow hedging arrangements, changes to generally accepted accounting principles, difficulties in retaining key employees and customers, unanticipated costs under fixed-price service and system integration engagements, and various other factors beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties also include such additional risk factors as are discussed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. Contact: Robert McGrail, Director of Corporate Communications Mercury Systems, Inc. +1 978-967-1366 / rmcgrail@mrcy.com Mercury Systems and Innovation That Matters are registered trademarks of Mercury Systems, Inc. Other product and company names mentioned may be trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective holders.

Cimarex Announces Reduction in 2020 Capital Plans DENVER, March 17, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Cimarex Energy Co. (NYSE: XEC) today announced that, due to the recent drop in oil prices, it expects a 40-50 percent reduction in its 2020 capital investment program from its original guidance of $1.25-$1.35 billion. Cimarex Chairman, President and CEO, Tom Jorden, said, "We are taking action in these challenging times. Our top priority is to preserve our balance sheet strength. Our revised outlook assumes $30 per barrel WTI price for the remainder of 2020. Under this scenario, Cimarex will not incur additional debt in 2020 and will generate sufficient free cash flow to preserve payment of our dividend to our shareholders." He went on to say, "This capital level holds annual oil production flat with 2019 levels and the investments we are making significantly exceed our hurdle rate of return, a testament to the quality of our assets." Cimarex will continue to monitor commodity price developments and will adjust capital spending plans in response to this dynamic environment. The company plans to provide a more comprehensive update as part of its first quarter earnings release in May. About Cimarex Energy Denver-based Cimarex Energy Co. is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with principal operations in the Permian Basin and Mid-Continent areas of the U.S. SOURCE Cimarex Energy Co.

PNC Announces Temporary Suspension Of Share Repurchase Program PITTSBURGH, March 16, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (NYSE: PNC) announced today that it will temporarily suspend its common stock repurchase program through June 30, 2020. This action is being taken in conjunction with the Federal Reserve's effort to support the U.S. economy during the COVID-19 pandemic. This announcement does not impact PNC's dividend policy. PNC recognizes that this unprecedented environment will unfortunately cause stress on our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. Importantly, PNC is well positioned with strong capital and liquidity and is committed to putting its resources to work in supporting these constituents and the broader financial system at a critical time of need. PNC retains the option to reinstate the buyback program prior to June 30th as circumstances change. The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. is one of the largest diversified financial services institutions in the United States, organized around its customers and communities for strong relationships and local delivery of retail and business banking including a full range of lending products; specialized services for corporations and government entities, including corporate banking, real estate finance and asset-based lending; wealth management and asset management. For information about PNC, visit www.pnc.com. CONTACTS: MEDIA:Marcey Zwiebel(412) 762-4550[email protected] INVESTORS:Bryan Gill(412) 762-4143[email protected] SOURCE PNC Financial Services Group

Deere to acquire Unimil, provider of aftermarkets parts for sugarcane harvesters MOLINE, Ill., Oct. 14, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Deere & Company (NYSE: DE) has signed an agreement to acquire Unimil, a privately-held Brazilian company in the aftermarket service parts business for sugarcane harvesters. "The decision to acquire this company in the aftermarket parts business emphasizes our commitment to customers," said Cory Reed, president of Deere's Worldwide Agriculture and Turf Division in the Americas. "Unimil has earned the confidence of customers in the sugarcane parts business by providing excellent service and products." Unimil, located in Piracicaba, Sao Paulo, Brazil, was founded in 1999 and has become a well-recognized provider of sugarcane harvester parts. The company has approximately 430 employees. Brazil is the number one supplier of sugarcane in the world, producing approximately one-third of the world's annual production and nearly twice as much as any other country. Reed said the addition of Unimil further illustrates John Deere's commitment to the sugarcane business in Brazil and a commitment to making investments that help customers reduce their sugarcane production costs. Deere recently introduced a new sugarcane harvester that's designed to significantly reduce production costs. Additionally, through JD Link, Deere offers connected support to maximize equipment up time and grower productivity. And now with Unimil, Deere will offer an expanded portfolio of parts with cost-effective solutions for customers. Unimil will retain its current brand name. Deere also plans to continue the current direct-to-customer business model of selling Unimil products, while also offering dealers an opportunity to provide additional services and support to sugarcane customers. Financial terms of the agreement are not being made public. Deere said the transaction requires customary regulatory review. Deere & Company (www.JohnDeere.com) is a world leader in providing advanced products and services and is committed to the success of customers whose work is linked to the land - those who cultivate, harvest, transform, enrich and build upon the land to meet the world's dramatically increasing need for food, fuel, shelter and infrastructure. Since 1837, John Deere has delivered innovative products of superior quality built on a tradition of integrity. SOURCE Deere & Company Related Links http://www.deere.com

IGT Wins Casino Management System Contract and Majority of Class III Game Floor Share at Emerald Queen I-5 Casino Washington state casino debuts with IGT ADVANTAGE casino management system and modules, and player tested CrystalCurve and CrystalDual 27 cabinets and content LONDON, July 9, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- International Game Technology PLC (NYSE: IGT) announced that Emerald Queen I-5 Casino is leveraging the IGT ADVANTAGE casino management system ("CMS") and modules to operate its loyalty program, monitor and optimize its casino floor, and perform a range of other essential casino functions. Additionally, IGT's CrystalCurve and CrystalDual 27 upright cabinets comprise the majority of the Class III floor share at the new, Tacoma, Wash. casino. "Emerald Queen I-5 Casino has one of the largest inventories of gaming machines in the region, and we've given IGT's CrystalCurve and CrystalDual 27 cabinets a significant and prominent presence on our ADVANTAGE-powered gaming floor," said Frank Wright, Emerald Queen Casino General Manager. "It means our players have more opportunities to enjoy a variety of IGT's highly entertaining game titles, and our staff has the option to remotely respond to and monitor a range of casino events, ultimately minimizing the requirement for in-person interactions." "Emerald Queen I-5 Casino is an exciting gaming destination in the U.S. northwest region, and we're proud to enhance its players' gaming experience with our bestselling Crystal series cabinets, our player-tested content and IGT ADVANTAGE systems products," said Nick Khin, IGT Chief Operating Officer, Gaming. "IGT's ADVANTAGE CMS and its mobile service and content management modules can help Emerald Queen 1-5 Casino adhere to social distancing requirements while delivering world-class casino entertainment." In addition to IGT ADVANTAGE, Emerald Queen I-5 Casino deployed IGT's Mobile Host, Mobile Responder, Mobile Dashboard, M5 and Service Window systems products. Mobile Host, Mobile Responder and Mobile Dashboard will enable the Casino's service team to monitor and respond to a range of casino events such as carded play, machine downtime and EGM sanitation cycles, all from a mobile device. These technologies also reduce the Casino's dependency on in-person interactions on the casino floor. M5 and Service Window enable Emerald Queen I-5 Casino to leverage a slot machine's display to deliver bonus content and create a unique and thrilling player experience. IGT's CrystalDual 27 cabinet represents the evolution of the Crystal hardware series. The eye-catching cabinet will showcase titles such as Scarab , Fortune Charm , Fortune Coin , Diamond Mania , and Jungle Tower . IGT's CrystalCurve cabinet will showcase the Triple Fortune Dragon Dynasty series with base games Unleashed , Spitfire , and Gold . Other core video content featured specifically on the CrystalCurve include Golden Egypt Grand, Cleopatra Gold, and Dangerous Beauty Revealed, among others. For more information, visit IGT.com or go to Facebook at facebook.com/IGT, follow us on Twitter at twitter.com/IGTnews, or watch IGT videos on YouTube at youtube.com/igt. About IGTIGT (NYSE:IGT) is the global leader in gaming. We deliver entertaining and responsible gaming experiences for players across all channels and regulated segments, from Gaming Machines and Lotteries to Sports Betting and Digital. Leveraging a wealth of compelling content, substantial investment in innovation, player insights, operational expertise, and leading-edge technology, our solutions deliver unrivaled gaming experiences that engage players and drive growth. We have a well-established local presence and relationships with governments and regulators in more than 100 countries around the world, and create value by adhering to the highest standards of service, integrity, and responsibility. IGT has approximately 12,000 employees. For more information, please visit www.igt.com. Contact:Phil O'Shaughnessy, Global Communications, toll free in U.S./Canada +1 (844) IGT-7452; outside U.S./Canada +1 (401) 392-7452Francesco Luti, +39 3485475493; for Italian media inquiriesJames Hurley, Investor Relations, +1 (401) 392-7190 2020 IGT The trademarks and/or service marks used herein are either trademarks or registered trademarks of IGT, its affiliates or its licensors. SOURCE International Game Technology PLC Related Links http://www.igt.com

Wipro awarded infrastructure modernization and digital transformation contract by E.ON The partnership aims to enhance operational agility and innovation through a hybrid cloud strategy EAST BRUNSWICK, N.J. & BANGALORE, India--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO), a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company, today announced that it has been awarded a strategic, multi-year infrastructure modernization and digital transformation services engagement by Germany-based energy company E.ON. Wipro will transform E.ON s legacy data centre operations to hybrid cloud model by leveraging its BoundaryLess Enterprise (BLE) framework and Wipro HOLMES , Artificial Intelligence (AI) and automation platform. The company will collaborate with E.ON to reduce their datacentre footprint, streamline its infrastructure and achieve operational agility by providing an integrated view of their data centre operations. Wipro s consumption-based hybrid cloud hosting strategy powered by AI will help E.ON optimize its workflows and deliver superior customer experience with increased efficiency. Marcus Schaper, Chief Digital and Technology Officer, E.ON SE said, The cloud transformation is a key element of our digital transformation journey towards a better tomorrow. We are confident that Wipro as a strategic partner will accompany us to execute our cloud strategy most reliably and efficiently. N.S. Bala, President and Global Head, Energy, Natural Resources, Utilities & Construction, Wipro Limited said, We are delighted to be selected as E.ON s strategic transformation partner and look forward to supporting them on their digital journey. Our hybrid cloud hosting strategy powered by AI will provide an impetus to E.ON s business vision of consistently delivering technologically advanced, customer-centric energy solutions. He further added, In a fast changing world of prosumers and energy convergence, operational agility for better efficiency and effectiveness has become a strategic need for organisations. Wipro s deep expertise in the energy value chain, capabilities in new and emerging technologies backed by extensive global experience in working with some of the biggest utilities, positions us well to deliver this high value engagement for E.ON. About E.ON E.ON is an international investor-owned energy company, which focuses on energy networks and customer solutions. As one of Europe's largest energy companies, E.ON plays a leading role in shaping a clean, digital, decentralized world of energy. To this end, more than 75,000 employees develop and sell products and solutions for private, commercial and industrial customers. Around 50 million customers purchase electricity, gas, digital products or solutions for electric mobility, energy efficiency and climate protection from E.ON. E.ON is headquartered in Essen, Germany. For more information, please visit www.eon.com. About Wipro Limited Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 175,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future. Forward-looking and Cautionary Statements Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking statements, which involve a number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties relating to these statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding fluctuations in our earnings, revenue and profits, our ability to generate and manage growth, intense competition in IT services, our ability to maintain our cost advantage, wage increases in India, our ability to attract and retain highly skilled professionals, time and cost overruns on fixed-price, fixed-time frame contracts, client concentration, restrictions on immigration, our ability to manage our international operations, reduced demand for technology in our key focus areas, disruptions in telecommunication networks, our ability to successfully complete and integrate potential acquisitions, liability for damages on our service contracts, the success of the companies in which we make strategic investments, withdrawal of fiscal governmental incentives, political instability, war, legal restrictions on raising capital or acquiring companies outside India, unauthorized use of our intellectual property, and general economic conditions affecting our business and industry. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at www.sec.gov. We may, from time to time, make additional written and oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in the company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our reports to shareholders. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf.

Align Technology Announces $200 Million Accelerated Stock Repurchase Program Joe Hogan, president and CEO, intends to personally purchase $1.0 million of Align s common stock SAN JOSE, Calif., July 31, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Align Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALGN) announced that it has entered into an accelerated stock repurchase agreement ("ASR") with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC ( Morgan Stanley ), to repurchase $200 million of Align's common stock as part of Align's $600 million stock repurchase program announced on May 23, 2018. Under the terms of the ASR, Align will receive an initial delivery of approximately 689,000 shares. The final number of shares to be repurchased will be based on Align's volume-weighted average stock price during the term of the ASR transaction, less an agreed upon discount. The ASR transaction is expected to be completed approximately three months from July 30, 2019 and will be funded with Align s cash on hand. As of June 30, 2019, Align had approximately 79.9 million shares outstanding and $765.9 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments. In addition to the ASR, Align announced that Joe Hogan, president and CEO, intends to personally purchase $1.0 million of Align s common stock. About Align Technology, Inc. Align Technology designs and manufactures the Invisalign system, the most advanced clear aligner system in the world, and iTero intraoral scanners and services. Align s products help dental professionals achieve the clinical results they expect and deliver effective, cutting-edge dental options to their patients. Visit www.aligntech.com for more information. For additional information about the Invisalign system or to find an Invisalign doctor in your area, please visit www.invisalign.com . For additional information about iTero digital scanning system, please visit www.itero.com . Forward-Looking Statement This news release contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding the expected completion date of the ASR transaction, the number of shares of common stock that will be initially delivered to Align under the ASR transaction, Align's expectation that it will finance the ASR transaction with cash on hand and Mr. Hogan s intention to purchase shares of common stock. Forward-looking statements contained in this news release relating to expectations about future events or results are based upon information available to Align as of the date hereof. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. As a result, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. These and other risks are detailed from time to time in Align's periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 28, 2019 and its latest Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, which was filed with the SEC on May 2, 2019. Align undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.

Diana Shipping Inc. Announces Time Charter Contract for m/v G. P. Zafirakis With Koch ATHENS, Greece, June 03, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Diana Shipping Inc. (NYSE: DSX), (the Company ), a global shipping company specializing in the ownership of dry bulk vessels, today announced that, through a separate wholly-owned subsidiary, it has entered into a time charter contract with Koch Shipping Pte. Ltd., Singapore, for one of its Capesize dry bulk vessels, the m/v G. P. Zafirakis. The gross charter rate is US$13,200 per day, minus a 5% commission paid to third parties, for a period until minimum October 1, 2021 up to maximum December 31, 2021. The charter commenced on May 31, 2020. The G. P. Zafirakis is a 179,492 dwt Capesize dry bulk vessel built in 2014. This employment is anticipated to generate approximately US$6.34 million of gross revenue for the minimum scheduled period of the time charter. Diana Shipping Inc. s fleet currently consists of 41 dry bulk vessels (4 Newcastlemax, 13 Capesize, 5 Post-Panamax, 5 Kamsarmax and 14 Panamax). As of today, the combined carrying capacity of the Company s fleet is approximately 5.1 million dwt with a weighted average age of 9.71 years. A table describing the current Diana Shipping Inc. fleet can be found on the Company s website, www.dianashippinginc.com. Information contained on the Company s website does not constitute a part of this press release. About the Company Diana Shipping Inc. is a global provider of shipping transportation services through its ownership of dry bulk vessels. The Company s vessels are employed primarily on medium to long-term time charters and transport a range of dry bulk cargoes, including such commodities as iron ore, coal, grain and other materials along worldwide shipping routes. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words believe, anticipate, intends, estimate, forecast, project, plan, potential, may, should, expect, pending and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, Company management s examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company s records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies that are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company s control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections. In addition to these important factors, other important factors that, in the Company s view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, including impacts of the pandemic and of businesses and governments responses to the pandemic on our operations, personnel, and on the demand for seaborne transportation of bulk products; the strength of world economies and currencies, general market conditions, including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values, changes in demand for dry bulk shipping capacity, changes in the Company s operating expenses, including bunker prices, drydocking and insurance costs, the market for the Company s vessels, availability of financing and refinancing, changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities, potential liability from pending or future litigation, general domestic and international political conditions, potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events, vessel breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see the Company s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Corporate Contact: Ioannis Zafirakis Director, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, Treasurer and Secretary Telephone: + 30-210-9470-100 Email: Website: www.dianashippinginc.com Investor and Media Relations: Edward Nebb Comm-Counsellors, LLC Telephone: + 1-203-972-8350 Email:

Prestige Consumer Healthcare Inc. Announces New $25 Million Share Repurchase Program, Participation in the Raymond James Institutional Investors Conference TARRYTOWN, N.Y., March 02, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Prestige Consumer Healthcare Inc. (NYSE:PBH) today announced that the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $25.0 million of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. Separately, the Company plans to present at the Raymond James Institutional Investors Conference at 8:40 a.m. ET today, March 2nd. Ron Lombardi, Chief Executive Officer of Prestige Consumer Healthcare, said, "Today s share repurchase program announcement demonstrates the Board and management s continued confidence in the long-term growth prospects of Prestige and our proven three pillar strategy focused around organic growth, free cash flow and capital allocation to drive shareholder value. The authorized repurchases are part of the ongoing commitment to a disciplined and opportunistic capital deployment strategy that is enabled by our robust financial profile. We look forward to discussing our business strategy in greater detail at the Raymond James conference later today. Share Repurchase Details Under the approved authorization, the Company may purchase common stock through March, 2021 utilizing one or more open market transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions, in privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise, by direct purchases of common stock or a combination of the foregoing in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The timing of the purchases and the amount of stock repurchased is subject to the Company's discretion and will depend on market and business conditions, applicable legal and credit requirements and other corporate considerations including the Company s historical strategy of pursuing accretive acquisitions and deleveraging. 41st Annual Raymond James Conference The Company is presenting at the Raymond James 41st Annual Institutional Investors Conference today, March 2nd at 8:40 a.m. ET. The presentation will be webcast live and can be accessed on the Company s website, www.prestigeconsumerhealthcare.com, and will remain available as an archived replay for one week following the presentation date. About Prestige Consumer Healthcare Inc. Prestige Consumer Healthcare markets, sells, manufactures and distributes consumer healthcare products to retail outlets throughout the U.S. and Canada, Australia, and in certain other international markets. The Company s diverse portfolio of brands include Monistat and Summer s Eve women's health products, BC and Goody's pain relievers, Clear Eyes eye care products, DenTek specialty oral care products, Dramamine motion sickness treatments, Fleet enemas and glycerin suppositories, Chloraseptic and Luden's sore throat treatments and drops, Compound W wart treatments, Little Remedies pediatric over-the-counter products, Boudreaux s Butt Paste diaper rash ointments, Nix lice treatment, Debrox earwax remover, Gaviscon antacid in Canada, and Hydralyte rehydration products and the Fess line of nasal and sinus care products in Australia. Visit the Company's website at www.prestigeconsumerhealthcare.com . Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws that are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "assumptions," "target," "guidance," "prospects," "outlook," "plans," "projection," "may," "will," "would," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe , "potential," or "continue" (or the negative or other derivatives of each of these terms) or similar terminology. The "forward-looking statements" include, without limitation, statements regarding the expected consumption trends and market share for the Company s products, costs and timing of the transition to a new logistics provider, the Company's expectations regarding future operating results including revenues, organic growth, earnings per share and free cash flow, the Company s disciplined capital allocation, the Company s ability to create value for its stakeholders and reduce debt and the Company s ability to position itself for long-term growth. These statements are based on management's estimates and assumptions with respect to future events and financial performance and are believed to be reasonable, though are inherently uncertain and difficult to predict. Actual results could differ materially from those expected as a result of a variety of factors, including the impact of the Company s advertising and promotional and new product development initiatives, customer inventory management initiatives, general economic and business conditions, fluctuating foreign exchange rates, consumer trends, competitive pressures, the impact of the transition to a new third party logistics provider, and the ability of the Company s third party manufacturers and logistics providers and suppliers to meet demand for its products and to reduce costs. A discussion of other factors that could cause results to vary is included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2019 and other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Investor Relations Contact Phil Terpolilli, CFA, 914-524-6819 irinquiries@prestigebrands.com

Highland Income Fund Announces $25 Million Share Repurchase Program Fund board approves up to $25 million of share repurchases over six month period DALLAS, Oct. 25, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Highland Capital Management Fund Advisors, L.P. ("HCMFA") announced today that the Board of Trustees (the "Board") of the Highland Income Fund (NYSE: HFRO) ("HFRO" or the "Fund") approved a repurchase program pursuant to which the Fund may repurchase up to $25 million of the Fund's shares over a period of six months. The program allows for the Fund to repurchase shares, if trading at a discount, in open market transactions until the conclusion of the repurchase period on April 24, 2020. By purchasing Fund shares, which are currently trading at a discount to the Fund's net asset value, HCMFA seeks to enhance value for HFRO shareholders. The total repurchase amount and the timing of repurchases will be subject to the Fund's available cash, after consideration of reserves necessary for anticipated fund expenses and contingencies. The Fund may sell portfolio securities in order to generate cash. There is no assurance that the Fund will repurchase shares in any amount. About the Highland Income Fund The Highland Income Fund (NYSE: HFRO) (the "Fund") is a closed-end fund managed by Highland Capital Management Fund Advisors, L.P. ("HCMFA"). On May 20, 2019, the Fund changed its name from the Highland Floating Rate Opportunities Fund to the Highland Income Fund. The Fund seeks to provide a high level of current income consistent with the preservation of capital. For more information visit www.highlandfunds.com/income-fund/. Shares of closed-end investment companies frequently trade at a discount to net asset value. The price of the Fund's shares is determined by a number of factors, several of which are beyond the control of the Fund. Therefore, the Fund cannot predict whether its shares will trade at, below or above net asset value. Past performance does not guarantee future results. About Highland Capital Management Fund Advisors, L.P. Highland Capital Management Fund Advisors, L.P. ("HCMFA") is an SEC-registered investment adviser operating on a multibillion-dollar global alternative investment platform. HCMFA manages a suite of investment offerings, including closed-end funds, open-end funds, and an exchange-traded fund, which cover a range of asset classes and investment strategies. For more information visit www.highlandfunds.com. Before investing in the Fund, you should carefully consider the Fund's investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. For a copy of a prospectus or summary prospectus, which contains this and other information, please visit our website at www.highlandfunds.com or call 1-877-665-1287. Please read the fund prospectus carefully before investing. Media Contact Lucy Bannon [email protected] 1-972-419-6272 SOURCE Highland Capital Management Fund Advisors, L.P. Related Links https://www.highlandfunds.com

Moody s to Acquire Reis, a Leader in Commercial Real Estate Data Extends Moody s Analytics role as a leading provider of information and analytics for the U.S. CRE market NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Moody s Corporation (NYSE:MCO) and Reis, Inc. (NASDAQ:REIS) announced today that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement for Moody s to acquire all outstanding shares of Reis in an all-cash transaction valued at approximately $278 million. The transaction has been approved by the Boards of Directors of both companies. Reis is a leading provider of U.S. commercial real estate (CRE) data. Over nearly 40 years, Reis has compiled a rich archive of detailed information on some 18 million properties nationwide. Providing analysis and forecasts covering 275 metropolitan markets and 7,700 submarkets, Reis has become the data set of choice for CRE professionals, including property developers, managers, investors, lenders and brokers. This transaction underscores Moody s Analytics mission to empower customers to make better, faster financial decisions. The combination of Reis s extensive data and Moody s Analytics specialized capabilities aims to enhance analytical practices in the CRE market and contribute to the efficiency and liquidity of capital flows. The acquisition further expands Moody's Analytics network of data and analytics providers in the CRE space, including recent investments in start-ups that apply innovative approaches and new technologies to source data and deliver tools to the market. Commercial real estate is analytically very complex, and Reis has committed decades of effort and expertise building a unique data asset with critical and hard to replicate information on this large and important asset class. Their data on CRE supply and Moody s Analytics insights on the demand for commercial properties will provide market participants with a powerful 360-degree view of the economics of CRE lending and investment, said Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. Working together, both Reis and Moody s Analytics will become even more relevant and valuable to CRE finance professionals. Lloyd Lynford, Reis s CEO, said: Joining with Moody s will accelerate our founding vision of bringing transparency to the commercial real estate asset class and superior decision support to all commercial real estate professionals. Our Board of Directors has thoroughly and carefully considered our alternatives and evaluated the proposal from Moody s and believes it provides our stockholders with compelling value and an outstanding strategic platform for continued growth while benefiting our customers and employees. Under the terms of the merger agreement, Moody s will commence a tender offer to acquire all issued and outstanding shares of Reis common stock for $23.00 per share in cash. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals, including the tender of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Reis common stock and clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. Moody s has also entered into tender and support agreements with certain Reis management stockholders under which they have committed to accept the tender offer and to tender all of their Reis shares, which represent approximately 18% of Reis s issued and outstanding shares. Following completion of the tender offer, Moody s will acquire all remaining shares of Reis at the same price of $23.00 per share through a second-step merger and Reis will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Moody s. The closing of the transaction is expected to take place in the fourth quarter of 2018. The transaction will be funded through a combination of cash on hand and commercial paper. Moody s expects the acquisition of Reis to be accretive to earnings per share on a GAAP basis in 2020. On an adjusted EPS basis, which excludes purchase price amortization, the transaction will be accretive in 2019. Moody s continues to expect share repurchases for 2018 to be approximately $200 million, subject to available cash, market conditions and other capital allocation decisions. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP is acting as legal counsel to Moody s. Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson LLP is acting as legal counsel to Reis and Canaccord Genuity is serving as financial advisor to Reis. More information on Moody s Analytics CRE solutions can be found at: https://www.moodysanalytics.com/product-list/cmm-commercial-mortgage-metrics. ABOUT MOODY'S CORPORATION Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute to transparent and integrated financial markets. Moody s Corporation (NYSE: MCO) is the parent company of Moody's Investors Service, which provides credit ratings and research covering debt instruments and securities, and Moody's Analytics, which offers leading-edge software, advisory services and research for credit and economic analysis and financial risk management. The corporation, which reported revenue of $4.2 billion in 2017, employs approximately 12,300 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 42 countries. Further information is available at www.moodys.com. ABOUT REIS Reis provides commercial real estate ( CRE ) market information and analytical tools to real estate professionals. Reis maintains a proprietary database of information on all commercial properties in metropolitan markets and neighborhoods throughout the U.S. This information is used by CRE investors, lenders and other professionals to make informed buying, selling and financing decisions. In addition, Reis data is used by debt and equity investors to assess, quantify and manage the risks of default and loss associated with individual mortgages, properties, portfolios and real estate backed securities. Reis currently provides its information services to many of the nation s leading lending institutions, equity investors, brokers and appraisers. For more information regarding Reis s products and services, visit www.reis.com and www.reisreports.com. Additional Information and Where to Find it The tender offer described in this document has not yet commenced, and this communication is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any shares of the common stock of Reis or any other securities. On the commencement date of the tender offer, a tender offer statement on Schedule TO, including an offer to purchase, a letter of transmittal and related documents, will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) by Moody s and its acquisition subsidiary, and a solicitation/recommendation statement on Schedule 14D-9 will be filed with the SEC by Reis shortly thereafter. The offer to purchase shares of Reis common stock will only be made pursuant to the offer to purchase, the letter of transmittal and related documents filed as a part of the Schedule TO. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ BOTH THE TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE OFFER TO PURCHASE, A RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND CERTAIN OTHER TENDER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT ON SCHEDULE 14D-9 REGARDING THE OFFER, IN EACH CASE, AS THEY MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION WHICH SHOULD BE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE ANY DECISION IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE TENDER OFFER. The tender offer statement will be filed with the SEC by Moody s and its acquisition subsidiary, and the solicitation/recommendation statement will be filed with the SEC by Reis. Investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of these statements (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov or by directing such requests to the Information Agent for the offer, which will be named in the tender offer statement on Schedule TO. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this release are forward-looking statements and are based on future expectations, plans and prospects for Moody's business and operations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements and other information in this release are made as of the date hereof (except where noted otherwise), and Moody's undertakes no obligation (nor does it intend) to publicly supplement, update or revise such statements on a going-forward basis, whether as a result of subsequent developments, changed expectations or otherwise. Moody's is identifying certain factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those indicated by these forward-looking statements. Those factors, risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, credit market disruptions or economic slowdowns, which could affect the volume of debt and other securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets; other matters that could affect the volume of debt and other securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets, including regulation, credit quality concerns, changes in interest rates and other volatility in the financial markets such as that due to the U.K. s referendum vote whereby the U.K. citizens voted to withdraw from the EU; the level of merger and acquisition activity in the U.S. and abroad; the uncertain effectiveness and possible collateral consequences of U.S. and foreign government actions affecting world-wide credit markets, international trade and economic policy; concerns in the marketplace affecting our credibility or otherwise affecting market perceptions of the integrity or utility of independent credit agency ratings; the introduction of competing products or technologies by other companies; pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers; the level of success of new product development and global expansion; the impact of regulation as an NRSRO, the potential for new U.S., state and local legislation and regulations, including provisions in the Financial Reform Act and regulations resulting from that Act; the potential for increased competition and regulation in the EU and other foreign jurisdictions; exposure to litigation related to our rating opinions, as well as any other litigation, government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquires to which Moody's may be subject from time to time; provisions in the Financial Reform Act legislation modifying the pleading standards, and EU regulations modifying the liability standards, applicable to credit rating agencies in a manner adverse to credit rating agencies; provisions of EU regulations imposing additional procedural and substantive requirements on the pricing of services and the expansion of supervisory remit to include non-EU ratings used for regulatory purposes; the possible loss of key employees; failures or malfunctions of our operations and infrastructure; any vulnerabilities to cyber threats or other cybersecurity concerns; the outcome of any review by controlling tax authorities of Moody's global tax planning initiatives; exposure to potential criminal sanctions or civil remedies if Moody's fails to comply with foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that are applicable in the jurisdictions in which Moody's operates, including data protection and privacy laws, sanctions laws, anti-corruption laws, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials; the impact of mergers, acquisitions or other business combinations and the ability of Moody's to successfully integrate acquired businesses; currency and foreign exchange volatility; the level of future cash flows; the levels of capital investments; and a decline in the demand for credit risk management tools by financial institutions. Other factors, risks and uncertainties relating to our acquisition of Reis could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, including uncertainties as to how many of Reis s stockholders will tender their shares in the offer; the possibility that competing offers will be made; risks relating to filings and approvals relating to the acquisition; the expected timing of the completion of the acquisition; the ability to complete the acquisition considering the various closing conditions; difficulties or unanticipated expenses in connection with integrating Reis s operations, products and employees into Moody s and the possibility that anticipated synergies and other benefits of the acquisition will not be realized in the amounts anticipated or will not be realized within the expected timeframe; risks that the acquisition could have an adverse effect on the business of Reis or its prospects, including, without limitation, on relationships with vendors, suppliers or customers; claims made, from time to time, by vendors, suppliers or customers; changes in the global marketplace that have an adverse effect on the business of Reis; and the accuracy of any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These factors, risks and uncertainties as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause Moody s actual results to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements are described in greater detail under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of the Moody's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, the tender offer documents to be filed with the SEC by Moody's and its acquisition subsidiary and the solicitation/recommendation statement on Schedule 14D-9 to be filed by Reis and other filings made by Moody's from time to time with the SEC or materials incorporated herein or therein. Stockholders and investors are cautioned that the occurrence of any of these factors, risks and uncertainties may cause Moody's actual results to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements, which could have a material and adverse effect on Moody's business, results of operations and financial condition. New factors may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Moody's to predict new factors, nor can Moody's assess the potential effect of any new factors on it.

BMC Enhances its Value-Added Millwork and Door Offerings with the Acquisition of Heritage One Door & Carpentry RALEIGH, N.C., Sept. 03, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: BMCH) ( BMC or the Company ), a leading provider of diversified lumber and building materials and solutions to new construction builders and professional remodelers in the U.S., announced today that it has acquired Heritage One Door & Carpentry ( Heritage One ), a well-respected and leading supplier of pre-hung doors, millwork, hardware and finish carpentry services in Sacramento, California. Heritage One serves single-family and multi-family builders and contractors and was formed in 2012 from the combination of Gardemeyer Finish Carpentry and Sacramento A-1 Door. Net sales for Heritage One for the 12 months ended June 30, 2019 were approximately $65 million. Growing and strengthening our value-added offerings is a key part of our strategy, said Dave Flitman, President and CEO of BMC. With more than $60 million in annual revenues, the acquisition of Heritage One significantly increases the size and capabilities of our Millwork, Doors and Windows business in Sacramento and the surrounding area. I am very excited to welcome the employees of Heritage One to the BMC team and to enhance the service and offerings we can provide to our customers. Heritage One is the fourth acquisition we have completed in 2019 with combined annual sales of nearly $200 million. Enhancing our local scale, product offerings and value-added capabilities through tuck-in acquisitions is an important pillar of our strategy, and our pipeline of potential opportunities remains strong. About BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. With approximately $3.7 billion in 2018 net sales, BMC is a leading provider of diversified building products, services and innovative solutions to builders, contractors and professional remodelers in the U.S. residential housing market. Headquartered in Raleigh, NC, the Company s comprehensive portfolio of products and solutions spans building materials, including millwork and structural component manufacturing capabilities, consultative showrooms and design centers, value-added installation management services and an innovative eBusiness platform. BMC serves 45 metropolitan areas across 19 states, principally in the South and West regions. Investor Relations Contact: BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. Carey Phelps 678-222-1228

MSB Financial Corp to Pay $0.104 Special Dividend MILLINGTON, N.J., June 12, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MSB Financial Corp., (the Company or MSB ) (Nasdaq: MSBF), the holding company for Millington Bank, announced today that its Board of Directors has declared a special cash dividend of $0.104 per share on its outstanding common stock, payable on or about June 30, 2020 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on June 22, 2020. Such dividend payment is consistent with the Agreement and Plan of Merger ( Merger Agreement ) dated December 18, 2019 between Kearny Financial Corp. ( Kearny ) and the Company providing for the merger of the Company with and into Kearny, with Kearny as the surviving corporation (the Merger ). The Merger Agreement provides that the Company may pay dividends on its common stock pending the closing of the Merger comparable to any dividend paid by Kearny on its common stock, with such Company dividend equal to the Kearny dividend payment per share multiplied by 1.3, and a dividend comprised of the dollar amount of certain cost savings realized prior to the Merger. Based upon the Kearny dividend of $0.08 per share paid in June 2020, that permits a Company dividend of $0.104 per share. About MSB Financial Corp. MSB Financial Corp. is the holding company for Millington Bank, a state chartered savings bank headquartered in Millington, New Jersey. Millington Bank is a metropolitan, community-focused bank serving residents and businesses in its market area through four full-service branch offices located in northern New Jersey. Forward Looking Statements This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about (i) the benefits of the merger between Kearny and MSB, including anticipated future results, cost savings and accretion to reported earnings that may be realized from the merger; (ii) Kearny and MSB s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements contained in this presentation that are not historical facts; and (iii) other statements identified by words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates or words of similar meaning. Annualized, pro forma, projected and estimated numbers are used for illustrative purpose only, are not forecasts and may not reflect actual results. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results expressed in the forward-looking statements: the businesses of Kearny and MSB may not be combined successfully, or such combination may take longer than expected; the cost savings from the merger may not be fully realized or may take longer than expected to be realized; operating costs, customer loss and business disruption following the merger may be greater than expected; the interest rate environment may further compress margins and adversely affect new interest income; the risks associated with continued diversification of assets and adverse changes to credit quality; and difficulties associated with achieving expected future financial results. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements are discussed in Kearny s and MSB s reports (such as the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) and available at the SEC s Internet website (www.sec.gov). All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the proposed transaction or other matters attributable to Kearny or MSB or any person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above. Except as required by law, Kearny and MSB do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statement is made. For further information, contact: Michael Shriner, President and Chief Executive Officer (908) 647-4000

Credicorp Ltd.: Credicorp Announces Filing Form 20F 2019 Lima, May 29, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Credicorp Ltd. (NYSE: BAP) has filed its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31st, 2019 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The 2019 Form 20-F includes audited consolidated financial statements of Credicorpand its subsidiaries as of December 31st, 2018 and 2019 and for the years ended December 31st, 2017, 2018 and 2019 under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The 2019 Form 20-F can be downloaded from Credicorp s website www.grupocredicorp.com . Holders of Credicorp s securities and any other interested parties may request a hard copy of our 2019 Form 20-F, free of charge, by filling out the form located on the link mail request at Credicorp s web page www.grupocredicorp.com . About Credicorp Credicorp Ltd. (NYSE: BAP) is the leading financial services holding company in Peru with presence in Chile, Colombia and Bolivia. Credicorp has a diversified business portfolio organized into four lines of business: Universal Banking, through Banco de Credito del Peru - BCP and Banco de Credito de Bolivia; Microfinance, through Mibanco, Bancompartir and Encumbra; Insurance & Pension Funds, through Grupo Pacifico and Prima AFP; and Investment Banking & Wealth Management, through Credicorp Capital, Wealth Management at BCP and Atlantic Security Bank. For further information please contact the IR team: investorrelations@credicorpperu.com Investor Relations Credicorp Ltd.

Triumph Awarded Contract with Saab for Gripen Airframe Mounted Accessory Drive FARNBOROUGH, United Kingdom--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Triumph Group, Inc. (NYSE:TGI) announced today that it was selected by Saab to provide Airframe Mounted Accessory Drives (AMAD) for Gripen E/F single-engine multirole fighter aircraft. Triumph Integrated Systems will design, develop, manufacture, and provide aftermarket support for the AMAD for the life of the aircraft program. We are pleased to extend our long-term relationship with Saab, providing new, sophisticated gear drive technology for Gripen, said Tom Holzthum, executive vice president for Triumph Integrated Systems. We view this award as an opportunity to showcase the full range of our capabilities from development to aftermarket support. Triumph Integrated Systems Geared Solutions Company will provide all the work on the AMADs, highlighting the company s capability at every stage of the aerospace life cycle. Gripen will feature the latest innovations in the company s aircraft accessory gearbox product line. As a leader in the development of AMADs for single engine installations in this airframe class, we offer reliable AMAD solutions that can support similar aircraft platforms with similar requirements, Holzthum, continued. We are fully committed to the success of Gripen. Triumph Group, Inc., headquartered in Berwyn, Pa., designs, engineers, manufactures, repairs, and overhauls a broad portfolio of aircraft structures, components, accessories, subassemblies, and systems. The company serves a broad, worldwide spectrum of the aviation industry, including original equipment manufacturers of commercial, regional, business and military aircraft, and aircraft components, as well as commercial and regional airlines and air cargo carriers. More information about Triumph can be found on the company s website at http://www.triumphgroup.com.

Rigel Announces FDA Approval of TAVALISSE (fostamatinib disodium hexahydrate) for Chronic Immune Thrombocytopenia (ITP) in Adult Patients TAVALISSE Offers First in Class Treatment with Unique Mechanism of Action U.S. Commercial Launch Expected in Late May 2018 Conference Call and Webcast to be Held Today at 5:00 PM Eastern Time SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., April 17, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:RIGL) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved TAVALISSE (fostamatinib disodium hexahydrate) for the treatment of thrombocytopenia in adult patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) who have had an insufficient response to a previous treatment. TAVALISSE is an oral spleen tyrosine kinase (SYK) inhibitor that targets the underlying autoimmune cause of the disease by impeding platelet destruction, providing an important new treatment option for adult patients with chronic ITP. Rigel plans to launch TAVALISSE in the United States in late May 2018. To view the multimedia assets associated with this release, please click:https://www.multivu.com/players/English/8297951-rigel-pharmaceuticals-itp-tavalisse-fda-approval/ "Chronic ITP is challenging to treat because the heterogeneity of the disease makes it difficult to predict how an individual patient will respond to available treatments and not all patients can find a treatment that works well for them," said James Bussel, M.D., professor emeritus of pediatrics at Weill Cornell Medicine and the principal study investigator on the FIT Phase 3 program. Dr. Bussel has served as a consultant and paid member of the advisory board for Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. "The FDA approval of fostamatinib arms physicians with a new treatment option, which works via a novel mechanism." The FDA approval of TAVALISSE was supported by data from the FIT clinical program, which included two randomized placebo-controlled Phase 3 trials (Studies 047 and 048) and an open-label extension (Study 049), as well as an initial proof of concept study. The New Drug Application (NDA) included data from 163 ITP patients and was supported by a safety database of more than 4,600 subjects across other indications in which fostamatinib has been evaluated. "People living with chronic ITP often feel they have an invisible disease -- one that can not only impact quality of life, but also be life threatening," said Caroline Kruse, executive director of the Platelet Disorder Support Association, a patient advocacy organization dedicated to ITP patients. "That's why we encourage members of our community to learn about their disease, understand treatment strategies, and seek support so that they can advocate for their best care. The availability of a new treatment option provides the ITP community with more choices." Different Treatment ApproachTAVALISSE is designed to inhibit SYK, a key signaling component in the body's immune process that can lead to platelet destruction in ITP patients. TAVALISSE may address an underlying autoimmune cause of ITP by impeding platelet destruction. "We are excited to bring this new medicine to the population of adult patients with chronic ITP in need of additional therapies. I want to thank the patients, caregivers and physicians who contributed to our fostamatinib clinical program, and also the Rigel team for all of their dedication and hard work to bring the company to this historic day," said Raul Rodriguez, president and CEO of Rigel Pharmaceuticals. "This regulatory milestone, our first product approval, validates the therapeutic effect of SYK inhibition in an autoimmune disease." Rigel will be providing product information at the ASCO Annual Meeting being held June 1-5, 2018 in Chicago, Booth #24160, or you can visit www.TAVALISSE.com. About ITP In patients with ITP, the immune system attacks and destroys the body's own blood platelets, which play an active role in blood clotting and healing. Common symptoms of ITP include excessive bruising, bleeding and fatigue. People suffering with chronic ITP may live with an increased risk of severe bleeding events that can result in serious medical complications or even death. Current therapies for ITP include steroids, blood platelet production boosters (TPOs) and splenectomy. However, not all patients have an adequate treatment response with existing therapies. As a result, there remains a significant medical need for additional treatment options for patients with ITP. About TAVALISSEIndication TAVALISSE (fostamatinib disodium hexahydrate) tablets is indicated for the treatment of thrombocytopenia in adult patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) who have had an insufficient response to a previous treatment. Important Safety InformationWarnings and Precautions Hypertension can occur with TAVALISSE treatment. Patients with pre-existing hypertension may be more susceptible to the hypertensive effects. Monitor blood pressure every 2 weeks until stable, then monthly, and adjust or initiate antihypertensive therapy for blood pressure control maintenance during therapy. If increased blood pressure persists, TAVALISSE interruption, reduction, or discontinuation may be required. Elevated liver function tests (LFTs), mainly ALT and AST, can occur with TAVALISSE. Monitor LFTs monthly during treatment. If ALT or AST increase to >3 x upper limit of normal, manage hepatotoxicity using TAVALISSE interruption, reduction, or discontinuation. Diarrhea occurred in 31% of patients and severe diarrhea occurred in 1% of patients treated with TAVALISSE. Monitor patients for the development of diarrhea and manage using supportive care measures early after the onset of symptoms. If diarrhea becomes severe ( Grade 3), interrupt, reduce dose or discontinue TAVALISSE. Neutropenia occurred in 6% of patients treated with TAVALISSE; febrile neutropenia occurred in 1% of patients. Monitor the ANC monthly and for infection during treatment. Manage toxicity with TAVALISSE interruption, reduction, or discontinuation. TAVALISSE can cause fetal harm when administered to pregnant women. Advise pregnant women the potential risk to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 1 month after the last dose. Verify pregnancy status prior to initiating TAVALISSE. It is unknown if TAVALISSE or its metabolite is present in human milk. Because of the potential for serious adverse reactions in a breastfed child, advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during TAVALISSE treatment and for at least 1 month after the last dose. Drug Interactions Concomitant use of TAVALISSE with strong CYP3A4 inhibitors increases exposure to the major active metabolite of TAVALISSE (R406), which may increase the risk of adverse reactions. Monitor for toxicities that may require a reduction in TAVALISSE dose. It is not recommended to use TAVALISSE with strong CYP3A4 inducers, as concomitant use reduces exposure to R406. Concomitant use of TAVALISSE may increase concentrations of some CYP3A4 substrate drugs and may require a dose reduction of the CYP3A4 substrate drug. Concomitant use of TAVALISSE may increase concentrations of BCRP substrate drugs (eg, rosuvastatin) and P-Glycoprotein (P-gp) substrate drugs (eg, digoxin), which may require a dose reduction of the BCRP and P-gp substrate drug. Adverse Reactions Serious adverse drug reactions in the ITP double-blind studies were febrile neutropenia, diarrhea, pneumonia, and hypertensive crisis, which occurred in 1% of TAVALISSE patients. In addition, severe adverse reactions occurred including dyspnea and hypertension (both 2%), neutropenia, arthralgia, chest pain, diarrhea, dizziness, nephrolithiasis, pain in extremity, toothache, syncope, and hypoxia (all 1%). Common adverse reactions ( 5% and more common than placebo) from FIT-1 and FIT-2 included: diarrhea, hypertension, nausea, dizziness, ALT and AST increased, respiratory infection, rash, abdominal pain, fatigue, chest pain, and neutropenia. Please see www.TAVALISSE.com for full Prescribing Information. To report side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA, visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088 (800-332-1088). Trademarks for TAVALISSE are owned by or licensed by Rigel. Conference Call and Webcast Today at 5:00PM Eastern TimeRigel will hold a live conference call and webcast today at 5:00pm Eastern Time (2:00pm Pacific Time). Participants can access the live conference call by dialing (855) 892-1489 (domestic) or (720) 634-2939 (international) and using the Conference ID number 5189918. The slide presentation accompanying the conference call can be accessed from Rigel's website at www.rigel.com/webcasts. The webcast will be archived and available for replay after the call via the Rigel website. About Rigel (www.rigel.com)Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., is a biotechnology company dedicated to discovering, developing and providing novel small molecule drugs that significantly improve the lives of patients with immune and hematologic disorders, cancer and rare diseases. Rigel's pioneering research focuses on signaling pathways that are critical to disease mechanisms. The company's first FDA approved product is TAVALISSE (fostamatinib disodium hexahydrate), an oral spleen tyrosine kinase (SYK) inhibitor, for the treatment of adult patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenia who have had an insufficient response to a previous treatment. Rigel's current clinical programs include Phase 2 studies of fostamatinib in autoimmune hemolytic anemia and IgA nephropathy. In addition, Rigel has product candidates in development with partners BerGenBio AS, Daiichi Sankyo, and Aclaris Therapeutics. Forward Looking StatementsThis release contains forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, the U.S. commercial launch of TAVALISSE; the benefits and value to patients of TAVALISSE; Rigel's ability to transition to an organization prepared to launch its first commercial product; Rigel's belief that fostamatinib may be an important alternative for patients with ITP; and the timing and results of Rigel's clinical trials. Any statements contained in this press release that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Words such as "planned," "will," "may," "should," "expect," and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on Rigel's current expectations and inherently involve significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks and uncertainties associated with the commercialization of TAVALISSE; risks that the FDA or other regulatory authorities may make adverse decisions regarding TAVALISSE; risks that TAVALISSE clinical trials may not be predictive of real-world results or of results in subsequent clinical trials; risks that TAVALISSE may have unintended side effects, adverse reactions or incidents of misuses; the availability of resources to develop Rigel's product candidates; market competition; as well as other risks detailed from time to time in Rigel's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2017. Rigel does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements and expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein. Contact: Raul RodriguezPhone: 650.624.1302Email: [email protected] Media Contact: Jessica DaitchPhone: 917.816.6712Email: [email protected] SOURCE Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Related Links http://www.rigel.com

Great Lakes Announces the Signing of a Subcontract with Bechtel for Sabine Pass LNG Third Marine Berth Dredging Work OAK BROOK, Ill., July 28, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation ("Great Lakes") (NASDAQ:GLDD), the largest provider of dredging services in the United States announced the signing of a subcontract with Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc., ( Bechtel ). Bechtel is the Engineering, Procurement & Construction (EPC) contractor for the Train 6 and Third Berth expansions at the Sabine Pass Liquefaction Project ( SPL Project ) for subsidiaries of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. ( Cheniere Partners ). Cheniere Partners, through its subsidiaries, proposes to construct and operate an expansion of the existing Sabine Pass liquefied natural gas facility, located in Cameron Parish, Louisiana on the Sabine Pass Channel. The proposed expansion of the LNG terminal consists of the addition of a third marine berth and supporting facilities. The third berth will be used to load LNG vessels for export and is sized to accommodate vessels with a capacity of 125,000 to 180,000 cubic meters. Great Lakes' subcontract to Bechtel involves the dredging of the third marine berth, which is expected to commence in the third quarter of 2020. Great Lakes, Bechtel and Cheniere are conscious of the biodiverse environment where the work will be performed and pledge to preserve that as well as commit to work safely. Lasse Petterson, Chief Executive Officer for Great Lakes, commented, Great Lakes looks forward to partnering with Bechtel on this important project for Sabine Pass LNG in the U.S. LNG market. Great Lakes extensive dredging experience, proven track record for successful completion of similar projects, and emphasis on safe work performance uniquely qualifies Great Lakes for this work scope which is integral to the overall SPL Project. We are encouraged by the project s commitment to the region and the level of care for preserving the unique local environment, and we look forward to supporting this effort during our dredging program. Great Lakes previously worked as a subcontractor to Bechtel on the Wheatstone LNG project in Australia and also worked for another subsidiary of Cheniere on the LNG export terminal project located on the north shore of Corpus Christi Bay in Texas. The Company Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation ( Great Lakes or the Company ) is the largest provider of dredging services in the United States. In addition, the Company has a long history of performing significant international projects. The Company employs experienced civil, ocean and mechanical engineering staff in its estimating, production and project management functions. In its over 130-year history, the Company has never failed to complete a marine project. Great Lakes has a disciplined training program for engineers that ensures experienced-based performance as they advance through Company operations. The Company s Incident-and Injury-Free (IIF ) safety management program is integrated into all aspects of the company s culture. The company s commitment to the IIF culture promotes a work environment where employee safety is paramount. Great Lakes also owns and operates the largest and most diverse fleet in the U.S. dredging industry, comprised of over 200 specialized vessels. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute "forward-looking" statements as defined in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the "PSLRA") or in releases made by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), all as may be amended from time to time. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Great Lakes and its subsidiaries, or industry results, to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements. These cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the Exchange Act and the PSLRA with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the "safe harbor" provisions of such laws. Great Lakes cautions investors that any forward-looking statements made by Great Lakes are not guarantees or indicative of future events. Although Great Lakes believes that its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in this press release are reasonable, actual events could differ materially. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made only as of the date hereof and Great Lakes does not have or undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise, unless otherwise required by law. For further information contact: Tina Baginskis Director, Investor Relations 630-574-3024

Jumei Announces Share Repurchase Plan BEIJING, May 28, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Jumei International Holding Limited (NYSE: JMEI) ("Jumei" or the "Company"), a fashion and lifestyle solutions provider in China, today announced that its board of directors has authorized a share repurchase plan under which the Company may repurchase up to US$100 million of its shares over the next 12 months. The share repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, in block trades and/or through other legally permissible means, depending on market conditions and in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. Jumei's board of directors will review the share repurchase plan periodically, and may authorize adjustment of its terms and size. The Company expects to fund repurchases made under this plan from its existing funds. Safe Harbor Statement Any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates" and similar statements. Jumei may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on Forms 20-F and 6-K, in its annual report to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about Jumei's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Further information regarding such risks and uncertainties is included in Jumei's filings with the SEC, including its annual report on Form 20-F. All information provided in this press release and in the attachments is as of the date of this press release, and Jumei does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required under applicable law. About Jumei International Holding Limited Jumei (NYSE: JMEI) is a fashion and lifestyle solutions provider with a diversified portfolio of products on offer in China. Jumei sells branded beauty, baby, children and maternity products, light luxury products, as well as health supplements through its e-commerce platform. Jumei has invested in adjacent fashion and lifestyle businesses such as Jiedian, a mobile device power bank operating company, and TV drama series production, to expand its service offerings. These investments will further expand and strengthen Jumei's ecosystem as it seeks to benefit from China's transition into the new retail era. For investor and media inquiries, please contact: Christensen In China Mr. Christian Arnell Phone: +86-10-5900-1548 E-mail: carnell@christensenir.com In United States Ms. Linda Bergkamp Phone: +1-480-614-3004 Email: lbergkamp@christensenir.com

Molina Healthcare, Inc. Announces $500 Million Common Stock Repurchase Program LONG BEACH, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Molina Healthcare, Inc. (NYSE: MOH) ( Molina or the Company ) today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a repurchase program for up to $500 million of the Company s outstanding common shares. The repurchase program will be funded by existing cash on hand and will extend through December 31, 2021. The exact timing and amount of any repurchase will be determined by the Company's management, based on market conditions and share price, in addition to other factors, and will be subject to the restrictions relating to volume, price, and timing under applicable law, including Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Thomas Tran, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, commented, As a routine part of our long-term capital deployment planning, we thought it prudent to put into place a share repurchase program to maximize our optionality. However, our highest priority for the deployment of capital will continue to relate to growth, including both expansion into new states such as Kentucky and the pursuit of attractive mergers and acquisitions opportunities. About Molina Healthcare Molina Healthcare, Inc., a FORTUNE 500 company, provides managed health care services under the Medicaid and Medicare programs and through the state insurance marketplaces. Through its locally operated health plans, Molina Healthcare served approximately 3.3 million members as of September 30, 2019. For more information about Molina Healthcare, please visit molinahealthcare.com. Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 This press release contains forward-looking statements regarding the Company s $500 Million Common Stock Repurchase Program. All forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, general market conditions and the Company s share price. Given these risks and uncertainties, the Company can give no assurances that its forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate. All forward-looking statements in this press release represent Molina s judgment as of the date hereof, and, except as otherwise required by law, the Company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to conform the statement to actual results or changes in its expectations.

Vistra Energy Announces Meaningful Share Repurchase and Concurrent Block Trade; Continuing to Rotate Emergence Stockholder Base IRVING, Texas, Nov. 20, 2018 Vistra Energy Corp. (NYSE: VST) announced today that on November 19, 2018, a significant stockholder (the "Stockholder") of Vistra Energy Corp. ("Vistra") agreed to sell 17 million shares of Vistra common stock. Of these shares, 5 million were sold directly to Vistra as part of its $1.25 billion share repurchase authorization, leaving over 90 percent of the authorized amount available for future repurchases. The Stockholder sold the remaining 12 million shares in a separate unregistered Rule 144 secondary block trade to a broker-dealer, who placed all 12 million shares with institutional investors. The Stockholder sold the shares to each of Vistra and the broker-dealer at the same discounted price to the November 19, 2018 closing price. The execution of these trades is another positive step as Vistra continues to rotate its stockholder base from post-emergence stockholders to more natural, long-term holders of the stock. Vistra's decision to repurchase its shares, alongside the investment by other institutional investors, is consistent with management's stated intent regarding potential uses of its $1.25 billion share repurchase authorization. Curt Morgan, Vistra's president and chief executive officer, stated, "Vistra is excited to announce this repurchase of a meaningful amount of its shares as an existing significant stockholder reduces its ownership position in Vistra, continuing the already substantial rotation of our stockholder base since our emergence from bankruptcy. The ability of the company to repurchase 5 million shares at a discount to the then-prevailing market price, together with concurrent investments by other institutional investors, is exactly in-line with Vistra's capital allocation strategy. This repurchase is an outward indication of our fundamental view of Vistra's value. We will continue to repurchase shares in the open market under our $1.25 billion share repurchase authorization, since we view our shares as the most attractive place for Vistra to invest its capital." Media Allan Koenig 214-875-8004 [email protected] Analysts Molly Sorg 214-812-0046 [email protected] About Vistra Energy Vistra Energy (NYSE: VST) is a premier, integrated power company based in Irving, Texas, combining an innovative, customer-centric approach to retail with a focus on safe, reliable, and efficient power generation. Through its retail and generation businesses which include TXU Energy, Homefield Energy, Dynegy, and Luminant, Vistra operates in 12 states and six of the seven competitive markets in the U.S., with about 6,000 employees. Vistra's retail brands serve approximately 2.9 million residential, commercial, and industrial customers across five top retail states, and its generation fleet totals approximately 41,000 megawatts of highly efficient generation capacity, with a diverse portfolio of natural gas, nuclear, coal, and solar facilities. SOURCE Vistra Energy Related Links http://www.vistraenergy.com

Leidos Awarded Global Network Management Contract by DISA RESTON, Va., Dec. 12, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Leidos (NYSE:LDOS), a FORTUNE 500 science and technology leader, was awarded a prime contract by the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) to provide network services under the Global Solutions Management - Operations (GSM-O) II contract. The single award, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity, hybrid contract has a five-year base period of performance followed by two two-year option periods and a final one-year option period, at a ceiling value of $6.5 billion. Work will be performed on a global scale with significant domestic workforce in Scott Air Force Base, Ill., Honolulu, HI, Tampa, Fla., Ft. Meade, Md., and Ogden, UT. Under the agreement, Leidos will operate, defend, and sustain the Department of Defense Information Network / Defense Information System Network (DoDIN/DISN). This critical system securely connects more than three million end users at more than 3,000 Department of Defense and federal sites around the world. Key services to be provided include network operations and sustainment, network maintenance and repair, and network cybersecurity assurance. "Leidos is proud to modernize and operate the information network that connects warfighters and government leaders around the world," said Gerry Fasano, Leidos Defense Group president. "We will continue to work alongside DISA to align our network solutions with their mission evolution." "DISA is a critical support agency for our troops," said C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger, U.S. congressman representing Maryland's 2nd congressional district. "This contract is vitally important to ensuring our Armed Services and Department of Defense can communicate uninterrupted and securely worldwide. I congratulate Leidos and all of its employees on this award and thank them for their continued support of DISA. " "DISA is an important agency supporting our national security decision makers, warfighters, and partners around the world," said Anthony Brown, U.S. congressman representing Maryland's 4th district. "I congratulate Leidos on this award to strengthen the Department of Defense's information network, and I will continue to support the workers who help accomplish DISA's combat support mission every day." About Leidos Leidos is a Fortune 500 information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Va., Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 28, 2018, and other such filings that Leidos makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Contact: Melissa Koskovich (571) 526-6011 [email protected] Suzzanna Martinez (303) 299-5343 [email protected] SOURCE Leidos Related Links http://www.leidos.com

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Awards Unisys Contract to Provide Artificial Intelligence Solutions Company will compete for orders valued at up to $49 million under contract designed to transform agency's operations and service delivery RESTON, Va., Oct. 8, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Unisys Corporation (NYSE: UIS) today announced that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) has selected the company to compete for task and delivery orders under the Intelligent Automation/Artificial Intelligence (IAAI) contract. This five-year Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity contract has a potential value of $49 million. The multiple award contract serves as a vehicle to transform HHS' operations and delivery of service to its constituents. The agency intends to use automation and other innovative solutions to reduce operational backlog and costs and streamline other functions, such as combatting fraud and using facial recognition to identify suspects of services theft. This selection represents a potential expansion of Unisys' work for HHS and an opportunity for the company to help HHS advance its mission of enhancing and protecting the health and well-being of Americans by fostering advances in medicine, public health and social services. "Unisys is excited to provide technologies to help HHS further its mission of modernizing and improving the delivery of vital services to the public," said Melissa Carson, group vice president for civilian agencies, Unisys Federal. "We have already integrated artificial intelligence, machine learning, advanced data analytics and other relevant technologies into our secure solution offerings, and are ready right now to apply the innovations that HHS needs to transform its operations and service model." Forward-Looking StatementsAny statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements rely on assumptions and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Risks include without limitation the possibility that no task orders will be issued to the Company under the vehicle. Additional discussion of factors that could affect Unisys future results is contained in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About UnisysUnisys is a global information technology company that builds high-performance, security-centric solutions for the most demanding businesses and governments. Unisys offerings include security software and services; digital transformation and workplace services; industry applications and services; and innovative software operating environments for high-intensity enterprise computing. For more information on how Unisys builds better outcomes securely for its clients across the Government, Financial Services and Commercial markets, visit www.unisys.com. Follow Unisys on Twitter and LinkedIn. Unisys and other Unisys products and services mentioned herein, as well as their respective logos, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Unisys Corporation. Any other brand or product referenced herein is acknowledged to be a trademark or registered trademark of its respective holder. RELEASE NO.: 1008/9715 UIS-C SOURCE Unisys Corporation Related Links http://www.unisys.com

ArcelorMittal publishes its 2019 report on Payments to Governments in respect of Extractive Industries ArcelorMittal publishes its 2019 report on Payments to Governments in respect of Extractive Industries 30 June 2020, 20:30 CET ArcelorMittal ( the Company ) has today filed its 2019 report on Payments to Governments in respect of Extractive Activities, which provides a consolidated overview of payments made by the Company and its subsidiaries in 2019 to governments regarding its mining operations. The report, which complies with reporting requirements under Luxembourg law, is available for download from corporate.arcelormittal.com within the 'Investors' section. ENDS About ArcelorMittal ArcelorMittal is the world's leading steel and mining company, with a presence in 60 countries and an industrial footprint in 18 countries. Guided by a philosophy to produce safe, sustainable steel, we are the leading supplier of quality steel in the major global steel markets including automotive, construction, household appliances and packaging, with world-class research and development and outstanding distribution networks. Through our core values of sustainability, quality and leadership, we operate responsibly with respect to the health, safety and wellbeing of our employees, contractors and the communities in which we operate. For us, steel is the fabric of life, as it is at the heart of the modern world from railways to cars and washing machines. We are actively researching and producing steel-based technologies and solutions that make many of the products and components people use in their everyday lives more energy efficient. We are one of the world s five largest producers of iron ore and metallurgical coal. With a geographically diversified portfolio of iron ore and coal assets, we are strategically positioned to serve our network of steel plants and the external global market. While our steel operations are important customers, our supply to the external market is increasing as we grow. In 2019, ArcelorMittal had revenues of $70.6 billion and crude steel production of 89.8 million metric tonnes, while own iron ore production reached 57.1 million metric tonnes. ArcelorMittal is listed on the stock exchanges of New York (MT), Amsterdam (MT), Paris (MT), Luxembourg (MT) and on the Spanish stock exchanges of Barcelona, Bilbao, Madrid and Valencia (MTS). For more information about ArcelorMittal please visit: http://corporate.arcelormittal.com/

Amira Nature Foods Ltd Announces $18 Million Contract with New Customer DUBAI, United Arab Emirates--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Amira Nature Foods Ltd (the "Company") ANFI, a global provider of packaged Indian specialty rice, today announced that it entered into a contract to supply approximately $18 million of third party branded rice to a new customer in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa ( EMEA ) region. The Company expects to recognize the benefit of this contract in the fiscal 2020 year ending March 31, 2020. We are extremely pleased to expand our customer base in the EMEA region, stated Karan A. Chanana, Amira s Chairman. Further information on the Company, including an updated investor presentation and other information, can be found on the Company s website at www.amira.net. About Amira Nature Foods Founded in 1915, Amira has evolved into a global provider of packaged specialty rice, with sales in over 40 countries today. Amira sells Basmati rice, premium long-grain rice grown only in certain regions of the Indian sub-continent, under their flagship Amira brand as well as under other third party brands. Amira sells its products primarily in emerging markets through a broad distribution network. Amira s headquarters are in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and it also has offices in India, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases that we or our members of management use such as believe, expect, anticipate, foresee, forecast, estimate or other words or phrases of similar import. Specifically, these statements include, among other things, statements that describe our expectations for the global rice market, the financial impact of new sales contracts on our revenue, our expectations regarding the successful efforts of our distribution partners, and other statements of management s beliefs, intentions or goals. It is uncertain whether any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do, what impact they will have on our results of operations, financial condition, or the price of our ordinary shares. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to our ability to perform our agreements with customers; our ability to recognize revenue from our contracts as planned; continued competitive pressures in the marketplace; our reliance on a few customers and distribution partners for a substantial part of our revenue; our ability to implement our plans, forecasts and other expectations with respect to our business and realize additional opportunities for growth; and the other risks and important considerations contained and identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these risk factors. Other than as required under the securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking or other statements herein, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Nucor Announces New Share Repurchase Program and 182nd Consecutive Cash Dividend CHARLOTTE, N.C., Sept. 6, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- The board of directors of Nucor Corporation (NYSE: NUE) today approved the repurchase of up to $2 billion of the company's common stock. Share repurchases will be made from time to time in the open market at prevailing market prices, through private transactions or block trades. The timing and amount of repurchases will depend on market conditions, share price, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The board of directors also terminated any previously authorized repurchase programs. In a separate action, Nucor's board of directors declared the regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.38 per share on Nucor's common stock. This cash dividend is payable on November 9, 2018 to stockholders of record on September 28, 2018, and is Nucor's 182nd consecutive quarterly cash dividend. Nucor and its affiliates are manufacturers of steel products, with operating facilities primarily in the U.S. and Canada. Products produced include: carbon and alloy steel -- in bars, beams, sheet and plate; hollow structural section tubing; electrical conduit; steel piling; steel joists and joist girders; steel deck; fabricated concrete reinforcing steel; cold finished steel; steel fasteners; metal building systems; steel grating; and wire and wire mesh. Nucor, through The David J. Joseph Company, also brokers ferrous and nonferrous metals, pig iron and HBI/DRI; supplies ferro-alloys; and processes ferrous and nonferrous scrap. Nucor is North America's largest recycler. Certain statements contained in this news release are "forward-looking statements" that involve risks and uncertainties. The words "believe," "expect," "project," "will," "should," "could" and similar expressions are intended to identify those forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (1) competitive pressure on sales and pricing, including competition from imports and substitute materials; (2) U.S. and foreign trade policies affecting steel imports or exports; (3) the sensitivity of the results of our operations to prevailing steel prices and the changes in the supply and cost of raw materials, including scrap steel; (4) market demand for steel products; and (5) energy costs and availability. These and other factors are discussed in Nucor's regulatory filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those in Nucor's fiscal 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K, Item 1A. Risk Factors. The forward-looking statements contained in this news release speak only as of this date, and Nucor does not assume any obligation to update them. SOURCE Nucor Corporation Related Links http://www.nucor.com

StoneX Group Inc. Closes on the Acquisition of GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. NEW YORK, July 31, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- StoneX Group Inc. (NASDAQ: SNEX) ( StoneX or the Company ), today announced the completion of its previously announced acquisition of GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: GCAP) ( GAIN ), an online provider of retail foreign exchange trading and related services. GAIN is a provider of innovative trading technology and execution services to retail and institutional investors worldwide, with multiple access points to OTC markets and global exchanges across a wide range of asset classes, including foreign exchange, commodities and global equities. Glenn Stevens, CEO of GAIN, commented on the transaction, As a result of this combination, GAIN s customers will benefit from a richer product offering, as well as the expanded resources and greater scale of the combined firm. StoneX, in turn, will add a new digital platform to its global financial network, significantly expanding its offering to retail clients, as well as a complementary futures business. We look forward to a bright future as part of the StoneX Group. Sean O Connor, CEO of StoneX, added, This is the beginning of an exciting new era for our company as we add two of the largest and best known retail financial-services trading brands in the world to our global financial services network, in the process more than doubling the number of active retail accounts we serve to 295,000 worldwide. We expect the integration of GAIN s businesses to drive transaction volumes and create new cross-selling opportunities across all of our platforms ultimately driving our financial performance in the process. About StoneX Group Inc. StoneX Group Inc. (NASDAQ: SNEX) connects its clients with the global markets across asset classes - providing execution, post-trade settlement, clearing and custody. Clients use its digital platforms, market intelligence and high-touch service to manage their market risk, pursue trading opportunities, make investments efficiently, and improve their business performance. Further information on StoneX is available at www.stonex.com . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are identified by words such as may, should, expects, anticipates, assumes, can, will, could, likely, intends, might, predicts, seeks, would, believes, estimates or plans. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements relating to the expected results of the merger with GAIN, including any anticipated cost or capital synergies associated therewith, operating efficiencies and results, growth, client and stockholder benefits, accretion, financial benefits or returns, key assumptions, integration costs and transaction costs, our future financial performance, our business prospects and strategy, anticipated financial position, liquidity and capital needs and other similar matters. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and assumptions about future events, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that may cause actual results to be materially different from any anticipated results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including, among others, (i) anticipated benefits of the merger, including the realization of revenue, accretion, financial benefits or returns and other cost and capital synergies may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected, (ii) adverse changes in economic, political and market conditions, such as price levels and volatility in the commodities, securities and foreign exchange markets in which we and GAIN operate, (iii) losses from our market-making and trading activities arising from counter-party failures and changes in market conditions, (iv) the possible loss of key personnel or GAIN key personnel, (v) the impact of increasing competition, (vi) the impact of changes in government regulation, (vii) the possibility of liabilities arising from violations of federal and state securities laws, (viii) the impact of changes in technology in the securities and commodities trading industries and (ix) other risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under the heading "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and, to the extent applicable, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. You should read cautionary statements made as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this press release. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this press release will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, if at all. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Except as expressly required under federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, we do not have any obligation, and do not undertake, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date of this press release, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. Media Contact: Jay A. Morakis M Group Strategic Communications (for StoneX Group Inc.) 1-646-859-5951 jmorakis@mgroupsc.com SNEX-G

Invuity Announces Definitive Agreement to Be Acquired by Stryker Corporation for $7.40 Per Share in Cash SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 11, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Invuity, Inc. (NASDAQ: IVTY), a leading medical technology company focused on advanced surgical devices to enable better visualization, today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement with Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK), pursuant to which Stryker will acquire all of the outstanding shares of Invuity for $7.40 per share in cash, implying a total equity value of approximately $190 million. "The combination of Stryker's established leadership in minimal access surgery paired with Invuity s suite of enabling visualization and surgical devices should facilitate better patient outcomes and operating room efficiencies in women s health, general surgery, electrophysiology and orthopedics," said Scott Flora, Invuity s Interim Chief Executive Officer. "It is with this in mind that Invuity's Board of Directors voted to recommend this transaction to Invuity s stockholders." Invuity s innovative products in the single-use lighted instrumentation and hybrid energy markets provide best in class illumination and help make surgery safer, stated Spencer S. Stiles, Group President, Neurotechnology, Instruments and Spine. I look forward to the work we will do together to advance Stryker s mission of making healthcare better. Under the terms of the definitive transaction agreement, a subsidiary of Stryker Corporation will commence a tender offer to purchase all outstanding shares of Invuity, Inc. common stock in exchange for $7.40 per share in cash. The completion of the tender offer is subject to customary terms and closing conditions, including a requirement that a majority of Invuity, Inc.'s outstanding shares are tendered in the offer and receipt of certain regulatory approvals. The agreement provides that immediately following the successful completion of the tender offer, the subsidiary of Stryker Corporation making the offer will merge with and into Invuity, Inc. and all remaining outstanding shares of Invuity, Inc. common stock that were not tendered in the offer will receive the same consideration paid in respect of those shares that were tendered. Stryker Corporation intends to fund the transaction with cash on hand. The Invuity, Inc. Board of Directors has approved entering into the agreement and recommends that Invuity, Inc. s stockholders tender their shares in the upcoming tender offer. All directors and executive officers of Invuity, Inc. have entered into a tender and support agreement providing that they will tender their shares in the offer. Following the completion of the transaction, Invuity, Inc. shares will be delisted from NASDAQ. The tender offer is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2018, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the transaction conditions. In connection with this transaction, Moelis & Company LLC is acting as financial advisor and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati P.C. is acting as legal advisor to Invuity, Inc. About Invuity, Inc. (Nasdaq: IVTY): Invuity, Inc., is a leading medical technology company focused on developing and marketing advanced surgical devices to improve the surgeon s ability to perform minimal access surgery through smaller and hidden incisions. The Company s patented Intelligent Photonics technology delivers enhanced visualization, which facilitates surgical precision, efficiency and safety. Clinical applications include women s health, encompassing breast cancer and breast reconstruction surgery, gynecology and thyroid surgery. Additional applications include procedures for general surgery, electrophysiology, spine and orthopedics. Invuity, Inc. is headquartered in San Francisco, CA. For more information, visit www.invuity.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements regarding, among other things, statements related to expectations, goals, plans, objectives and future events. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the following words: "may," "will," "could," "would," "should," "expect," "intend," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "project," "potential," "continue," "ongoing," "outlook," "guidance" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. The forward-looking information and statements are or may be based on a series of projections and estimates and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks and uncertainties include such factors as: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the transaction agreement or delay the closing of the transaction, (2) uncertainties as to how many shares will be tendered in the tender offer, (3) the possibility that various closing conditions for the tender offer or the merger may not be satisfied or waived; (4) risks related to disruption of management's attention from Invuity, Inc.'s ongoing business operations due to the transaction and (5) the effect of the announcement or completion of the transaction on the ability of Invuity, Inc. to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with its customers, suppliers and others with whom it does business, or on its operating results and business generally. Additional risks are described in Invuity, Inc.'s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including under the heading Risk Factors in Invuity, Inc.'s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q. Given these uncertainties, undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements. Invuity, Inc. does not undertake any obligation to release any revisions to these forward-looking statements publicly to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Additional Information and Where to Find It The tender offer for the outstanding shares of Invuity, Inc. referenced in this document has not yet commenced. This press release is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to purchase, a solicitation of an offer to sell, or a recommendation to sell shares of Invuity, nor is it a substitute for the tender offer materials that Stryker Corporation and its subsidiary will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). At the time the tender offer is commenced, Stryker Corporation and its subsidiary will file tender offer materials on Schedule TO, and thereafter Invuity, Inc. will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, with the SEC with respect to the tender offer. THE TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING AN OFFER TO PURCHASE, A RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND CERTAIN OTHER TENDER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. HOLDERS OF SHARES OF INVUITY, INC. COMMON STOCK ARE URGED TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE (AS EACH MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME) BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT HOLDERS OF SHARES OF INVUITY, INC. COMMON STOCK SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING THEIR SHARES. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, will be made available to all holders of shares of Invuity, Inc. common stock at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be made available for free at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . Additional copies of the tender offer materials may be obtained for free by contacting Invuity, Inc. at 444 De Haro St., San Francisco, CA 94107, Attention: Investor Relations or the investor relations department of Stryker Corporation at katherine.owen@stryker.com. In addition to the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, Stryker Corporation and Invuity, Inc. file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Stryker Corporation or Invuity, Inc. at the SEC public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Stryker Corporation's and Invuity, Inc.'s filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . James Mackaness Chief Financial Officer Invuity, Inc. 415-655-2100 Westwicke Partners Mark Klausner 443-213-0500

Elbit Systems Awarded $670 Million Contract to Supply Defense Solutions to a Country in Asia-Pacific English English HAIFA , Israel, Feb. 18, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Elbit Systems Ltd. (NASDAQ: ESLT) (TASE: ESLT) ("Elbit Systems") announced today that it was awarded an approximately $670 million contract to supply defense solutions to a country in Asia-Pacific. The contract will be performed over a 25-month period. Bezhalel (Butzi) Machlis, Elbit Systems President & CEO, commented: "This significant contract award is a testament to the trust that customers place with our solutions and to the leading position we hold in the market." About Elbit Systems Elbit Systems Ltd. is an international high technology company engaged in a wide range of defense, homeland security and commercial programs throughout the world. The Company, which includes Elbit Systems and its subsidiaries, operates in the areas of aerospace, land, and naval systems, command, control, communications, computers, intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance ("C4ISR"), unmanned aircraft systems, advanced electro-optics, electro-optic space systems, EW suites, signal intelligence systems, data links and communications systems, radios and cyber-based systems and munitions. The Company also focuses on the upgrading of existing platforms, developing new technologies for defense, homeland security and commercial applications and providing a range of support services, including training and simulation systems. For additional information, visit: https://elbitsystems.com/, follow us on Twitter or visit our official Facebook, Youtube and LinkedIn Channels. This press release contains forward looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) regarding Elbit Systems Ltd. and/or its subsidiaries (collectively the Company), to the extent such statements do not relate to historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements are based on management's expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. Forward looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties, which are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual future results, performance and trends may differ materially from these forward looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: scope and length of customer contracts; governmental regulations and approvals; changes in governmental budgeting priorities; general market, political and economic conditions in the countries in which the Company operates or sells, including Israel and the United States among others; differences in anticipated and actual program performance, including the ability to perform under long-term fixed-price contracts; and the outcome of legal and/or regulatory proceedings. The factors listed above are not all-inclusive, and further information is contained in Elbit Systems Ltd.'s latest annual report on Form 20-F, which is on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. The Company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. Elbit Systems Ltd., its logo, brand, product, service and process names appearing in this Press Release are the trademarks or service marks of Elbit Systems Ltd. or its affiliated companies. All other brand, product, service and process names appearing are the trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service or process other than those of Elbit Systems Ltd. does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation or sponsorship of that product, service or process by Elbit Systems Ltd. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of Elbit Systems Ltd. or any third party, except as expressly granted herein. Contacts: Company Contact: Joseph Gaspar, Executive VP & CFO Tel: +972-4-8316663 [email protected] Rami Myerson, Director, Investor Relations Tel: +972-77-2946403 [email protected] David Vaaknin, VP, Head of Corporate Communications Tel: +972-77-2946691 [email protected] IR Contact: Ehud Helft Gavriel Frohwein GK Investor Relations Tel: 1-646-688-3559 [email protected] SOURCE Elbit Systems Ltd.

Community Bank System, Inc. Announces Increase to Its Quarterly Dividend Resulting in Its 28th Consecutive Year of Dividend Increases SYRACUSE, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Community Bank System, Inc. (NYSE: CBU) (the Company ) announced that it has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.42 per share on its common stock. The dividend will be payable on October 9, 2020 to shareholders of record as of September 15, 2020. The $0.42 cash dividend represents a $0.01, or 2.4%, increase and an annualized yield of 2.86% based on the closing share price of $58.71 on August 18, 2020. This increase marks the twenty-eighth (28th) consecutive year of dividend increases for the Company. President and Chief Executive Officer, Mark E. Tryniski, commented, The payment of a meaningful and growing dividend is an important component of our commitment to provide consistent and favorable long term returns to our shareholders. The increase during this time of economic uncertainty reflects the continued strength of both our current operating performance and capital position. Community Bank System, Inc. operates more than 240 customer facilities across Upstate New York, Northeastern Pennsylvania, Vermont, and Western Massachusetts through its banking subsidiary, Community Bank, N.A. With assets of over $13 billion, the DeWitt, N.Y. headquartered company is among the country s 125 largest banking institutions. In addition to a full range of retail, business, and municipal banking services, the Company offers comprehensive financial planning, insurance and wealth management services through its Community Bank Wealth Management Group and OneGroup NY, Inc. operating units. The Company's Benefit Plans Administrative Services, Inc. subsidiary is a leading provider of employee benefits administration, trust services, collective investment fund administration and actuarial consulting services to customers on a national scale. Community Bank System, Inc. is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Company's stock trades under the symbol CBU. For more information about Community Bank visit www.cbna.com or http://ir.communitybanksystem.com. This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following factors, among others, could cause the actual results of CBU s operations to differ materially from CBU s expectations: the macroeconomic and other challenges and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the negative impacts and disruptions on public health, corporate and consumer customers, the communities CBU serves, and the domestic and global economy, including various actions taken in response by governments, central banks and others, which may have an adverse effect on CBU s business; the successful integration of operations of its acquisitions; competition; changes in economic conditions, interest rates and financial markets; and changes in legislation or regulatory requirements. These statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of CBU s management and CBU does not assume any duty to update forward-looking statements.

Envision Solar Announces Further Orders Through State of California Mandatory Contract SAN DIEGO, Jan. 21, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Envision Solar International, Inc., (Nasdaq: EVSI, EVSIW) ( Envision Solar, or the Company ), the leading producer of unique and sustainable infrastructure products for electric vehicle charging, energy security and outdoor media, announced that the County of Tahoma and the City of Long Beach have issued purchase orders for the Company s products through California State Contract #1-18-61-16. The City of Long Beach is a repeat customer while Tahoma County is purchasing Envision s EV ARC for the first time. The EV ARC product purchased by Tahoma County will be used to charge county fleet vehicles. Tahoma is one of 58 counties covered by the California contract. The City of Long Beach ordered an ARC Mobility transportation solution for the growing fleet of EV ARC products in service in the city. ARC Mobility is a specialized, hydraulic transportation solution which enables customers like Long Beach, New York City and Google, who own fleets of EV ARC products, to move them around as their dynamic EV charging needs evolve. The transportable nature of the EV ARC also allows owners to test various locations as they discover the most effective distribution of EV charging infrastructure. EV ARC provides a permanent EV charging and emergency power solution but it can be moved in the event that EV charging needs change or disasters or other events call for robust and reliable sources of electricity in a different location. ARC Mobility trailers can safely and reliably relocate EV ARC units without the need for any other equipment and only require a single operator. Envision was issued U.S. Patent No. 9,917,471 for its transformable EV ARC solution which enables safe and rapid relocation in a compact state by ARC Mobility trailer or transportation inside a shipping container, truck or rail car. The California contract continues to provide a steady flow of orders without our having to go through time consuming purchasing processes, said Envision Solar CEO, Desmond Wheatley. The combination of EV ARC and the ARC Mobility trailer is the killer app in the rapidly growing and highly dynamic EV charging infrastructure industry. With EV ARC and ARC Mobility our customers can react to whatever the paradigm shifting evolution of electrification delivers in real time with made in California products. There are 58 counties and 375 cities with populations of over 10,000 in the State of California. All are able to purchase Envision products through the mandatory contract currently in place between the State and the Company. As EV adoption increases and accelerates, Envision expects the California contract and others like it to be important drivers of revenues. Invented and manufactured in California, the patented EV ARC and EV ARC DC Fast Charging products fit inside single parking spaces without reducing available parking. The EV ARC product generates enough clean solar electricity to power up to 225 miles of EV driving in a day. EV ARC DC fast charging systems provide up to 1,100 miles per day. The EV ARC system s solar electrical generation is enhanced by EnvisionTrak (patented) which causes the solar array to follow the sun, generating up to 25 percent more electricity than a fixed array. The energy is stored in the EV ARC product s on-board energy storage for charging day or night, and to provide EV charging and emergency power during grid failure. The EV ARC product is a permanent solution that provides Level I, Level II and DC Fast Charging but because it requires no trenching, foundations or installation work of any kind, is deployed in minutes and can be moved to a new location with ease. EV ARC products are manufactured in the company s San Diego facility by highly talented, mission-driven team members, including combat veterans, individuals with disabilities and other underserved demographics. About Envision Solar International, Inc. Envision Solar, www.envisionsolar.com , produces and sells unique and patented sustainable infrastructure products, for electric vehicle charging, energy security and outdoor media, including the EV ARC and the Solar Tree with EnvisionTrak patented solar tracking, SunCharge solar Electric Vehicle Charging, ARC technology energy storage, and EnvisionMedia solar advertising displays. Based in San Diego, the company produces Made in America products. Envision Solar is listed on the Nasdaq CM under the symbols EVSI and EVSIW. For more information visit www.envisionsolar.com or call (858) 799-4583. Follow us on social media to keep up with the latest news: Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , and YouTube . Forward-Looking Statements This Envision Solar International, Inc. Press Release may contain forward-looking statements. All statements in this Press Release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such as estimate, project, predict, believe, expect, anticipate, target, plan, intend, seek, goal, will, should, may, or other words and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or results. Media Contact: Sandra Peterson Vice President of Sales and Marketing Envision Solar +1 858 221 4241 Investor Relations: Tristan Traywick Senior Account Director CORE IR 516 222 2560 tt@coreir.com www.coreir.com Source: Envision Solar International, Inc.

WesBanco, Inc. Announces Approval of a New Stock Repurchase Program WHEELING, W.V., Dec. 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- WesBanco, Inc. ("WesBanco") (Nasdaq:WSBC), a diversified, multi-state bank holding company, announced that the Board of Directors has authorized the adoption of a new stock repurchase plan for the purchase of up to an additional 1.7 million shares of WesBanco common stock representing approximately 2.5% of outstanding shares from time to time on the open market. As permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements and subject to market conditions and other factors, the timing, price and quantity of purchases will be at WesBanco's discretion. The repurchase program does not obligate WesBanco to repurchase any minimum number of shares and may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. Repurchases under the program may be effected through open market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions, block purchases, Rule 10b5-1 plans, or otherwise in accordance with applicable securities laws. Repurchases under this program may be funded from one or a combination of existing cash balances and other available liquidity sources. The stock repurchase plan is not subject to an expiration date. This new stock repurchase authorization is in addition to the existing stock repurchase program approved by WesBanco's Board of Directors on October 22, 2015 which has approximately 885,000 shares remaining for repurchase and will continue to be utilized until such authorization is completed. About WesBanco, Inc.Founded in 1870, WesBanco, Inc. (www.wesbanco.com) is a diversified and balanced financial services company that delivers large bank capabilities with a community bank feel. Our distinct long-term growth strategies are built upon unique sustainable advantages permitting us to span six states with meaningful market share. Built upon our 'Better Banking Pledge', our customer-centric service culture is focused on growing long-term relationships by pledging to serve all personal and business customer needs efficiently and effectively. In addition to a full range of online and mobile banking options and a full-suite of commercial products and services, WesBanco provides trust, wealth management, securities brokerage, and private banking services through our century-old Trust and Investment Services department, with approximately $4.4 billion of assets under management (as of September 30, 2019). WesBanco's banking subsidiary, WesBanco Bank, Inc., operates 236 financial centers in the states of Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia. Additionally, WesBanco operates an insurance agency, WesBanco Insurance Services, Inc., and a full service broker/dealer, WesBanco Securities, Inc. SOURCE WesBanco, Inc. Related Links http://www.wesbanco.com

CenturyLink secures contract for 911 equipment and emergency call management solutions from Houston-Galveston Area Council (H-GAC) Qualifying state and local government agencies nationwide can now procure CenturyLink services to support emergency requests including video messages, pictures and texts MONROE, La., June 20, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE: CTL) today announced it was awarded a contract through the Houston-Galveston Area Council (H-GAC) for 911 equipment and emergency call management solutions. State agencies, local governments and qualifying not-for-profit groups can now procure CenturyLink's next generation 911 (NG9-1-1) core call routing services, on-premises call handling applications, data management and managed security services through this contract, which is part of the HGACBuy Cooperative Purchasing Program. Continue Reading State agencies, local governments and qualifying not-for-profit groups nationwide can now procure CenturyLink s NG9-1-1 core call routing services, on-premises call handling applications, data management and managed security services through this H-GAC contract. Learn how CenturyLink enables the transformation of emergency response and communications services: http://www.centurylinkbrightideas.com/tapping-into-next-generation-9-1-1/ "Public safety agencies are looking to upgrade their legacy networks to support emergency requests beyond phone calls including video messages, pictures and texts, as well as gather critical geographical data from mobile phones that can be used to improve response times," said Jim Carlson, public safety solutions leader, CenturyLink. "This H-GAC contract makes it simple for participating government groups to utilize CenturyLink to upgrade critical emergency services." CenturyLink's NG9-1-1 service is comprised of Emergency Services IP networks (ESInets), IP-based software services and applications, and databases and data management processes that are interconnected to public safety answering point premise equipment. NG9-1-1 provides standardized interfaces for call and message services, processes all types of emergency calls including non-voice (multi-media) messages, and acquires and integrates additional geographical data useful to call routing and handling for appropriate emergency entities. Key Facts HGACBuy is a government-to-government procurement service for state agencies, counties, municipalities, special districts and qualifying non-profit corporations. This contract covers emergency notification-related equipment, software and services that encompass dispatch and emergency call control. Additional Resources For more information on CenturyLink's public safety solutions, visit: http://www.centurylink.com/public-sector/state-local/public-safety.html About CenturyLink CenturyLink (NYSE: CTL) is the second largest U.S. communications provider to global enterprise customers. With customers in more than 60 countries and an intense focus on the customer experience, CenturyLink strives to be the world's best networking company by solving customers' increased demand for reliable and secure connections. The company also serves as its customers' trusted partner, helping them manage increased network and IT complexity and providing managed network and cyber security solutions that help protect their business.Media Contact: Courtney Morton 801-238-0228 [email protected]SOURCE CenturyLink, Inc. Related Links http://www.centurylink.com

Vornado Declares a Special Dividend of $1.95 Per Share NEW YORK, Dec. 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- VORNADO REALTY TRUST (NYSE: VNO) today announced that its Board of Trustees has declared a special dividend of $1.95 per share payable on January 15, 2020 to shareholders of record on December 30, 2019. Approximately $1.74 of the special dividend will be long-term capital gain. The dividend is the result of gains from the transfer of a 45.4% common equity interest in Vornado s portfolio of flagship high street retail assets on Upper Fifth Avenue and Times Square, the sale of its 25% interest in 330 Madison Avenue and other previously disclosed asset sales, partially offset by a tax deduction resulting from its former investment in Toys R Us. Vornado Realty Trust is a fully-integrated equity real estate investment trust. CONTACT: JOSEPH MACNOW (212) 894-7000 Certain statements contained herein may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could materially affect the outcome of our forward-looking statements and our future results and financial condition, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Such factors include, among others, risks associated with the timing of and costs associated with property improvements, financing commitments and general competitive factors.

Neenah Announces 4 Percent Dividend Increase and 2020 Share Repurchase Plan ALPHARETTA, Ga., Nov. 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Neenah, Inc. (NYSE: NP) announced that on November 21, 2019, its Board of Directors approved a four percent increase in the cash dividend on the Company's common stock. The quarterly dividend will increase from $0.45 per share to $0.47 with the first payment at the new rate in March 2020. Neenah has consistently paid a dividend every quarter since the Company was first incorporated in 2004. In addition, the Company announced authorization of a 2020 share repurchase plan for up to $25 million of its outstanding common stock. The current share repurchase plan will remain in effect through December 31, 2019. Purchases by the Company under the program would be made from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with the requirements of applicable law. The timing and amount of any purchases will depend on share price, market conditions and other factors. The program does not require the Company to purchase any specific number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. About Neenah Neenah is a leading global specialty materials company focused on premium niche markets that value performance and image. Key products and markets include advanced filtration media, specialized performance substrates used for digital transfer, tape and abrasive backings, labels and other products, and premium printing and packaging papers. The Company is headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia and its products are sold in over 80 countries worldwide from manufacturing operations in the United States, Europe and the United Kingdom. Additional information can be found at the Company's web site, www.neenah.com. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute "forward-looking" statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act"), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the "PSLRA"), or in releases made by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), all as may be amended from time to time. Statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the PSLRA and we caution investors that any forward-looking statements we make are not guarantees or indicative of future performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of our control and could cause actual results to materially differ from such statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not necessarily limited to, those set forth under the captions "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and/or "Risk Factors" of our latest Form 10-K filed with the SEC as periodically updated by subsequently filed Form 10-Qs (these securities filings can be located on our website at www.neenah.com). Unless specifically required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect new events or circumstances. These cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the PSLRA with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the "safe harbor" provisions of such laws. Contact: Neenah, Inc. Bill McCarthy Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate Analysis 678-518-3278 SOURCE Neenah, Inc. Related Links http://www.neenah.com

Kratos Receives Prime Contract Award to Deliver Up to 33 Oriole Rocket Motors to U.S. Government Customer Kratos Flight Proven Proprietary Oriole System Supports Missile Defense, Hypersonic and Other National Security Missions SAN DIEGO, Oct. 03, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq:KTOS), a leading National Security Solutions provider, announced today that it has recently received a single award prime contract, for up to 33 Oriole Rocket motors, including Options. Kratos has exclusive rights to sell Oriole Solid Propellant Rocket Motors (SPRMs) for specific market areas, including Missile Defense Threat Representative Targets, Suborbital Research and Sounding Rockets. Kratos leverages its exclusive rights agreement to deliver Rocket Motors, Systems, Products and Solutions for Missile Defense, Hypersonics, Weapon System Research and other mission critical National Security areas. Kratos Defense & Rocket Support Services (DRSS) Division, which received this recent contract award, is a leading provider of products and solutions in support of ballistic missile targets, hypersonic systems, sub orbital research, sounding rockets, directed energy and laser programs and systems. Work under this recent contract award will be performed at a secure Kratos facility and vendor locations. Due to competitive, customer related and other considerations, no additional information will be provided related to this contract award. Dave Carter, President of DRSS, said, Certain of Kratos most valuable assets, in which we have made significant investments over the past several years, include our intellectual property ownership and related license agreements, which provide Kratos sole source, single source or differentiating competitive positions. Kratos is committed to providing U.S. Government Agencies and other customers with rapidly developed, demonstrated and fielded affordable technology leading systems to address their missions and requirements. This relationship and recent contract award through which DRSS will support up to 33 target, hypersonic or other missions is a key element of our business units future growth plans." Eric DeMarco, President and CEO of Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, said, The Navy / Kratos partnership with Kratos proprietary Oriole Solid Rocket Motor Systems has enabled successful launches of a wide-range of sub-orbital vehicles including; ballistic missile targets, hypersonic payloads and NASA science tests. We are currently in pursuit of additional hypersonic program opportunities as the lead prime contractor with this flight proven leading technology system. Kratos will continue to invest in products and technology that enhance our proprietary offerings related to sub-orbital missions, including Kratos Turbine Technologies, which is working with certain government customers in the air breathing hypersonic propulsion area. About Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTOS) develops and fields transformative, affordable technology, platforms and systems for United States National Security related customers, allies and commercial enterprises. Kratos is changing the way breakthrough technology for these industries are rapidly brought to market through proven commercial and venture capital backed approaches, including proactive research and streamlined development processes. Kratos specializes in unmanned systems, satellite communications, cyber security/warfare, microwave electronics, missile defense, hypersonic systems, training, combat systems and next generation turbo jet and turbo fan engine development. For more information go to www.KratosDefense.com. Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of Kratos and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Kratos undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although Kratos believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements involve many risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from what may be expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. For a further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the business of Kratos in general, see the risk disclosures in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kratos for the year ended December 30, 2018, and in subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and other filings made with the SEC by Kratos. Press Contact: Yolanda White 858-812-7302 Direct Investor Information: 877-934-4687 investor@kratosdefense.com

CenturyLink Wins State of Arizona Network Contract DENVER, July 28, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE: CTL) recently won a contract with the State of Arizona to provide network connectivity and managed IT services that will support all state government agencies and transform how the state delivers services to residents.The company will be providing local and wide area network management, WiFi, security, unified voice communications, contact center communications, IT management, data center and cloud-based services to the state under the new AZNet contract. Continue Reading CenturyLink is delivering the next generation of AZNet to Grand Canyon state residents. "The State of Arizona placed its trust in CenturyLink again to deliver a next-generation version of its mission-critical network known as AZNet," said Sonia Ramsey, CenturyLink vice president for the state and local government and education market. "This is a great example of how we're helping government agencies of all sizes capitalize on the latest technologies to upgrade their networks and transform the delivery of vital services to citizens." Having won the previous AZNet contract, CenturyLink recently won an expanded version that emphasizes modern, cloud-based integrated security, automation and orchestration services. The new contract has a five-year term and two one-year options.The company already has more than 27,000 fiber route miles and nearly 13,000 on-net buildings in Arizona that help it deliver the latest network technologies around the state. Additional Resources Learn more about the Texas Department of Information Resources awarding a managed services contract to CenturyLink: https://news.centurylink.com/2018-03-01-Texas-Department-of-Information-Resources-awards-managed-services-contract-to-CenturyLink Learn more about CenturyLink being selected as network provider for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania: https://news.centurylink.com/2017-12-11-CenturyLink-selected-as-network-provider-for-the-Commonwealth-of-Pennsylvania About CenturyLinkCenturyLink (NYSE: CTL) is a technology leader delivering hybrid networking, cloud connectivity, and security solutions to customers around the world. Through its extensive global fiber network, CenturyLink provides secure and reliable services to meet the growing digital demands of businesses and consumers. CenturyLink strives to be the trusted connection to the networked world and is focused on delivering technology that enhances the customer experience. Learn more at http://news.centurylink.com/SOURCE CenturyLink, Inc. Related Links http://www.centurylink.com

First Hawaiian, Inc. Announces Increase in Stock Repurchase Program HONOLULU, Hawaii, Aug. 09, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- First Hawaiian, Inc. (NASDAQ: FHB) (the Company ), the parent company of First Hawaiian Bank, announced today that the Company s Board of Directors has approved a $50 million increase in its stock repurchase program to up to $150 million of its outstanding common stock during 2019. The Company had completed approximately $40 million of stock repurchases through June 30, 2019, leaving a remaining authorization of $110 million for 2019. The Company recently sold approximately $400 million in shared national credits at a weighted average price of 99.7%, and an estimated loss of $1.2 million. The Company will use the proceeds from these sales to reduce its balance of public time deposits and to fund the additional $50 million of stock repurchases. The Company estimates these actions will be neutral to earnings per share while maintaining capital ratios near current levels. Repurchases of shares of the Company s common stock may be conducted through open market purchases, which may include purchases under a trading plan adopted pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b5-1, or through privately negotiated transactions. The timing and exact amount of any share repurchases will be subject to various factors, including the Company s capital position and financial performance, as well as market conditions. About First Hawaiian, Inc. First Hawaiian, Inc. is a bank holding company headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii. Its principal subsidiary, First Hawaiian Bank, founded in 1858 under the name Bishop & Company, is Hawaii s oldest and largest financial institution with branch locations throughout Hawaii, Guam and Saipan. The Bank offers a comprehensive suite of banking services to consumer and commercial customers including deposit products, loans, wealth management, insurance, trust, retirement planning, credit card and merchant processing services. Customers may also access their accounts through ATMs, online and mobile banking channels. For more information about First Hawaiian, Inc., visit the Company s website, www.fhb.com . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events, including those relating to share repurchases by the Company, and our financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may , might , should , could , predict , potential , believe , expect , continue , will , anticipate , seek , estimate , intend , plan , projection , would , annualized and outlook , or the negative version of those words or other comparable words or phrases of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management's beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. For a discussion of some of the risks and important factors that could affect our future results and financial condition, see our U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including, but not limited to, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019.

Teligent, Inc. Announces FDA Approval of Fluocinonide Cream USP, 0.1% BUENA, N.J., April 04, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Teligent, Inc. (NASDAQ: TLGT), a New Jersey-based specialty generic pharmaceutical company, today announced it has received approval of the Company s abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of Fluocinonide Cream USP, 0.1%. This is Teligent s fourth approval of 2019, and its thirty-sixth approval from its internally-developed pipeline of topical generic pharmaceutical medicines. Based on recent IQVIA data from February 2019, the total addressable market for this product is approximately $17.3 million. Teligent continues to deliver on the promise of our pipeline with this latest approval," commented Jason Grenfell-Gardner, President and CEO of the Company. This was a first review cycle approval and was received ten months from filing. The filing contained paragraph IV certifications, however no action for infringement was brought against Teligent within the statutory 45-day period and therefore we plan to launch this product in the third quarter of 2019. Mr. Grenfell-Gardner continued, We now have forty topical generic pharmaceutical products in the US portfolio, in addition to our four US injectable products. About Teligent, Inc. Teligent is a specialty generic pharmaceutical company. Our mission is to be a leading player in the specialty generic prescription drug market. Learn more on our website www.teligent.com . Contact: Damian Finio Teligent, Inc. 856-336-9117 www.teligent.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, and other statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts and statements identified by words such as plan, believe, continue, should or words of similar meaning. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these expectations include, but are not limited to: our inability to meet current or future regulatory requirements in connection with existing or future ANDAs; our inability to achieve profitability; our failure to obtain FDA approvals as anticipated; our inability to execute and implement our business plan and strategy; the potential lack of market acceptance of our products; our inability to protect our intellectual property rights; changes in global political, economic, business, competitive, market and regulatory factors; and our inability to complete successfully future product acquisitions. These statements are based on our current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Teligent, Inc. s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Teligent, Inc. does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this document as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

Motus GI Receives FDA Clearance to Market Pure-Vu Slim Sleeve for Use with Slim Colonoscopes Pure Vu Slim Sleeve provides broader procedural access to cover a full range of colonoscopes Pure Vu Slim Sleeve has the same effective cleansing capabilities and has demonstrated enhanced navigation performance in usability testing FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Motus GI Holdings, Inc., (NASDAQ:MOTS) ("Motus GI" or the "Company"), a medical technology company dedicated to improving clinical outcomes and enhancing the cost-efficiency of colonoscopy, announced today that it has received special 510(k) clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for Pure-Vu Slim Sleeve, a compatible extension to the Pure-Vu System for slim colonoscopes. The Pure-Vu Slim Sleeve design enables Motus GI to now gain access to the full range of procedures in the colonoscopy market as we estimate, through consultation with colonoscope manufacturing companies, approximately 30% of procedures are performed with a slim colonoscope. Pure-Vu Slim Sleeve has the same cleansing performance as the standard Pure-Vu Sleeve and both versions work with the same Pure-Vu workstation control system. The Pure-Vu Slim Sleeve has been designed to be compatible with smaller diameter and more flexible slim colonoscopes with additional enhancements to the Company s low friction lubricious coating technology to aid in navigation through the colon. Having Pure-Vu compatible with slim colonoscopes will be critically important for patients with complex anatomy which can happen quite often in the inpatient setting, noted Tamas Gonda, M.D. from Columbia University Medical Center in NY. From my in vitro testing experience with the Pure-Vu Slim Sleeve on a slim colonoscope, the device had excellent handling and navigation performance. Mark Pomeranz, CEO of Motus GI, commented, Receiving this special 510(k) clearance from the FDA for the Pure-Vu Slim Sleeve is an important milestone that will allow physicians to use the Pure-Vu System on slim colonoscopes which we estimate, through consultation with colonoscope manufacturing companies, are currently used in approximately 30% of procedures and growing in the United States. Pure-Vu Slim Sleeve was designed with the same stringent standards used for the Pure-Vu System. We are excited to have this new product available for clinical use in the coming weeks. We expect that it will increase the number of patients that can benefit from the Pure-Vu System, which we believe has the ability to rapidly cleanse the colon and overcome the high rates of insufficient bowel prep in the inpatient setting that can lead to delayed diagnosis, repeat preps and procedures, as well as longer hospital stays. We remain focused on our post-approval clinical trials and market development programs with leading U.S. hospitals that are utilizing the Pure-Vu System on a pilot basis, or in clinical trials such as the ongoing REDUCE study and our upcoming EXPEDITE study, in preparation for our 2019 commercial launch. We are establishing strong working relationships with physician champions and their staff within leading institutions that we believe can become long-term important customers for our products. We look forward to further advancing the development and adoption of both the Pure-Vu System and Pure-Vu Slim Sleeve, which we believe will improve quality of care and reduce healthcare costs by reliably and predictably moving patients through the hospital system to a successful examination, added Mr. Pomeranz. Pure-Vu generates a proprietary pulsed vortex mixture of water and air to safely remove debris from the colon mucosa while simultaneously evacuating the bowel contents, clearing the way for the endoscopist to perform a quality examination even when the patient does not or is not able to complete a successful prep on his or her own. The Pure-Vu System consists of a disposable component and a workstation controller. The disposable, now available in standard and slim versions, fits over a colonoscope without interfering with the working channel. Motus GI s clinical trials, such as the ongoing REDUCE study and its upcoming EXPEDITE study, are designed to evaluate the Pure-Vu System s ability to rapidly cleanse the colon intra-procedurally to allow physicians to better visualize, diagnose and, if necessary, treat the colon using standard techniques and tools. About Motus GI and the Pure-Vu System Motus GI Holdings, Inc. is a medical technology company, with subsidiaries in the U.S. and Israel, dedicated to improving clinical outcomes and enhancing the cost-efficiency of colonoscopy. The Company s flagship product is the Pure-Vu System, a 510(k) U.S. Food and Drug Administration cleared medical device indicated to help facilitate the cleaning of a poorly prepared colon during the colonoscopy procedure. The device integrates with standard colonoscopes to enable cleaning during the procedure while preserving standard procedural workflow and techniques. The Pure-Vu System has received CE mark approval in Europe. The Pure-Vu System is currently being introduced on a pilot basis in the U.S. market, and the Company is planning to initiate a full commercial launch focused on the inpatient colonoscopy market in the U.S. and select international markets in 2019. Challenges with bowel preparation for inpatient colonoscopy represent a significant area of unmet need that directly affects clinical outcomes and increases the cost of care in a market segment that comprises approximately 1.5 million annual procedures in the U.S. and approximately 4 million annual procedures worldwide. Published studies have found that the inpatient population experiences rates of insufficiently prepped colons at the time of colonoscopy as high as 55%. This has been shown to lead directly to significantly longer hospital stays and other additional costs due to the need for repeated preps, repeated colonoscopies and additional diagnostic procedures. This is exemplified in a recently published study from Northwestern University Hospital System which showed an average hospital stay extension of two days and cost increase of as much as $8,000 per patient as a result of challenges associated with bowel preparation. Motus GI believes the Pure-Vu System may improve outcomes and lower costs for hospitals by reducing the time to successful colonoscopy, minimizing delayed and aborted procedures, and improving the quality of an exam. In clinical studies to date, the Pure-Vu System significantly increased the number of patients with an adequate cleansing level, according to the Boston Bowel Preparation Scale Score, a validated assessment instrument. For more information, visit www.motusgi.com and connect with the Company on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current expectations and assumptions. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe-harbor for forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking expressions, including, but not limited to, "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "estimate," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "would" and similar expressions and the negatives of those terms, including without limitation, risks inherent in the development and commercialization of potential products, uncertainty in the timing and results of clinical trials or regulatory approvals, maintenance of intellectual property rights or other risks discussed in the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2018, and its other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Butterfield Announces New $125 Million Share Repurchase Program HAMILTON, Bermuda--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son Limited ("Butterfield" or the "Bank") (BSX: NTB.BH) (NYSE: NTB) today announced that its Board of Directors has approved a new $125 million ordinary share repurchase program ( the Program ) pursuant to which the Bank is authorized to purchase up to 3.5 million ordinary shares of the Bank through February 28, 2021. Michael Collins, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer said: Having the flexibility to repurchase shares is an important aspect of our capital management strategy, complementing our quarterly cash dividend payments and maintaining the ability to support organic growth and make strategic acquisitions in our core markets. We see significant value in repurchasing Butterfield shares and appreciate the confidence and support of the Board with this new authorization. The timing and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by Bank management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors that include, but are not limited to Butterfield s share price and the availability of alternative capital investments. Repurchases under the new share repurchase program may be made in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, including under US SEC Rule 10b5-1 plans, and will be made in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. This new Program will come into effect following the completion of the current 2.5 million share repurchase authorization that was announced on December 6, 2018, which currently has approximately 225,000 shares remaining. About Butterfield: Butterfield is a full-service bank and wealth manager headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda, providing services to clients from Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, Guernsey and Jersey, where our principal banking operations are located, and The Bahamas, Switzerland, Singapore and the United Kingdom, where we offer specialized financial services. Banking services comprise deposit, cash management and lending solutions for individual, business and institutional clients. Wealth management services are composed of trust, private banking, asset management and custody. In Bermuda, the Cayman Islands and Guernsey, we offer both banking and wealth management. In The Bahamas, Singapore and Switzerland, we offer select wealth management services. In the UK, we offer residential property lending. In Jersey, we offer select banking and wealth management services. Butterfield is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol: NTB) and the Bermuda Stock Exchange (symbol: NTB.BH). Further details on the Butterfield Group can be obtained from our website at: www.butterfieldgroup.com. Forward-Looking Statements: Certain of the statements made in this release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as may, will, anticipate, assume, should, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, expect, estimate, continue, plan, point to, project, could, intend, target and other similar words and expressions of the future. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements with respect to the terms, timing, logistics and conditions of the repurchase program and the Bank s utilization of the repurchase program, as well as statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions, and future performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause the actual results, performance, capital, ownership or achievements of the Bank to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including worldwide economic conditions and fluctuations of interest rates, the successful completion and integration of acquisitions (including the recently closed acquisition of ABN AMRO (Channel Islands) Limited) or the realization of the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions in the expected time-frames or at all, success in business retention and obtaining new business and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice, including, without limitation, those risks and uncertainties described in our Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) reports and filings. Such reports are available upon request from the Bank, or from the SEC, including through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. Except otherwise required by law, Butterfield assumes no obligation and does not undertake to review, update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements included herein, whether as a result of new information, future events or other developments. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof.

Patrick Industries, Inc. Announces Increased Share Repurchase Authorization ELKHART, Ind., May 18, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Patrick Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ: PATK) ("Patrick" or the "Company") announced today that its Board of Directors (the "Board") approved an increase in the amount of the Company's common stock that may be acquired over the next 24 months under the Company's current stock repurchase program to $50.0 million, including the amount remaining under the previous authorization. As previously announced in January 2018, the Board authorized repurchases of up to $50 million over a 24-month period (the "2018 Repurchase Plan"). Year-to-date through May 17, 2018, the Company has repurchased, in the aggregate, 747,995 shares at an average price of $57.63 per share for a total cost of approximately $43.1 million under the 2018 Repurchase Plan. Share repurchases will be made from time to time through open market transactions at prevailing market prices, or in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. "The increase in our stock repurchase authorization reflects the confidence that our Board of Directors and management team have in Patrick's outlook and market conditions, and is consistent with our capital allocation strategy and our commitment to driving shareholder value," said Todd M. Cleveland, Chief Executive Officer. The timing and amount of purchases under the program are discretionary and will be determined by management and the Board of Directors based upon market and business conditions, stock price and other factors. The repurchase of any shares under the stock repurchase program will be subject to restrictions under insider trading laws and the Company's self-imposed blackout periods, as well as the timing of the release of the Company's financial results for future fiscal periods. All or part of the repurchases may be implemented under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, which would allow repurchases under pre-set terms at times when the Company might otherwise be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed blackout periods. About Patrick IndustriesPatrick Industries, Inc. is a major manufacturer of component products and distributor of building products serving the recreational vehicle, manufactured housing, marine, kitchen cabinet, office and household furniture, fixtures and commercial furnishings, and other industrial markets and operates coast-to-coast through locations in 20 states and in China. Patrick's major manufactured products include decorative vinyl and paper laminated panels, countertops, fabricated aluminum products, wrapped profile mouldings, slide-out trim and fascia, cabinet doors and components, hardwood furniture, fiberglass bath fixtures and tile systems, thermoformed shower surrounds, specialty bath and closet building products, fiberglass and plastic helm systems and component products, wiring and wire harnesses, electrical systems components including instrument and dash panels, softwoods lumber, interior passage doors, RV painting, slotwall panels and components, aluminum fuel tanks, and CNC molds and composite parts and other products. The Company also distributes drywall and drywall finishing products, electronics and audio systems components, wiring, electrical and plumbing products, appliances, cement siding, raw and processed lumber, FRP products, interior passage doors, roofing products, laminate and ceramic flooring, shower doors, furniture, fireplaces and surrounds, interior and exterior lighting products, and other miscellaneous products. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain statements related to future results, our intentions, beliefs and expectations or predictions for the future, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any projections of financial performance or statements concerning expectations as to future developments should not be construed in any manner as a guarantee that such results or developments will, in fact, occur. There can be no assurance that any forward-looking statement will be realized or that actual results will not be significantly different from that set forth in such forward-looking statement. The Company does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. Factors that may affect the Company's operations and prospects are contained in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and in the Company's Form 10-Qs for subsequent quarterly periods, which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. SOURCE Patrick Industries, Inc. Related Links http://patrickind.com

Microchip Technology to Acquire Microsemi Significantly Expands Microchip s solutions for Data Center, Communications, Defense and Aerospace Markets Expected to be immediately accretive to non-GAAP earnings per share Estimated $300 million in synergies in the third year after close of transaction Adds strong complementary analog and mixed-signal product lines supporting Microchip 2.0 strategy CHANDLER, Ariz. and ALISO VIEJO, Calif. , March 01, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Microchip Technology Incorporated (NASDAQ:MCHP), a leading provider of microcontroller, mixed-signal, analog and Flash-IP solutions, and Microsemi Corporation (NASDAQ:MSCC), a leading provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by power, security, reliability and performance, today announced that the two companies have signed a definitive agreement pursuant to which Microchip will acquire Microsemi for $68.78 per share in cash. The acquisition price represents a total equity value of about $8.35 billion, and a total enterprise value of about $10.15 billion, after accounting for Microsemi s cash and investments, net of debt, on its balance sheet at December 31, 2017. We are delighted to welcome Microsemi to become part of the Microchip team and look forward to closing the transaction and working together to realize the benefits of a combined team pursuing a unified strategy. Even as we execute a very successful Microchip 2.0 strategy that is enabling organic revenue growth in the mid to high single digits, Microchip continues to view accretive acquisitions as a key strategy to deliver incremental growth and stockholder value. The Microsemi acquisition is the latest chapter of this strategy and will add further operational and customer scale to Microchip, said Steve Sanghi, Chairman and CEO of Microchip. Microchip and Microsemi have a strong tradition of delivering innovative solutions to demanding customers and markets, thus creating highly valued and long-lasting revenue streams. Joining forces and combining our complementary product portfolios and end market exposure will offer our customers a richer set of solution options to enable innovative and competitive products for the markets they serve, said Ganesh Moorthy, President and COO of Microchip. This transaction represents a compelling opportunity for Microsemi stockholders, employees and customers by combining the leading embedded control market position of Microchip Technology with the world class power, security, reliability and performance solutions from Microsemi, said James J. Peterson, Chairman and CEO of Microsemi. We are delighted to become part of Microchip Technology, a premier company in the semiconductor industry. Following the closing, the transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to Microchip s non-GAAP earnings per share. Based on currently available information, Microchip anticipates achieving an estimated $300 million in synergies in the third year after close of transaction. Microchip plans to finance the transaction with approximately $1.6 billion of cash from the combined company balance sheets, approximately $3.0 billion from Microchip s existing line of credit, approximately $5.0 billion in new debt and $0.6 billion of a cash bridge loan. The Board of Directors of each company has unanimously approved the acquisition. Subject to approval by Microsemi stockholders, customary regulatory approvals and other closing conditions, the transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of calendar 2018. J.P. Morgan is acting as Microchip s exclusive financial advisor and is providing $5.6 billion in committed financing. Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. is acting as Microchip s legal advisor. Qatalyst Partners is acting as exclusive financial advisor to Microsemi. O Melveny & Myers LLP is acting as Microsemi s legal advisor. Conference Call Information; Presentation Materials Microchip had previously scheduled an Analyst and Investor day today, March 1, 2018 from 4:30PM to 8:00PM (Eastern Time). Microchip will discuss this release during that event. You may view Microchip s presentation material that Microchip will refer to during the conference call at Microchip s website at www.microchip.com. The webcast will be available for replay until March 15, 2018. A telephonic replay of the conference call will be available at approximately 11:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) March 1, 2018 and will remain available until 11:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on March 15, 2018. Interested parties may listen to the replay by dialing 719-457-0820 and entering access code 2516251. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward looking statements include statements regarding (1) the transaction being immediately accretive to Microchip s non-GAAP earnings per share and yielding an estimated $300 million in synergies in the third year after close of transaction, (2) the parties working together to realize the benefits of a combined team pursuing a unified strategy, enabling organic revenue growth in the mid to high single digits, (3) accretive acquisitions being a key Microchip strategy to deliver incremental growth and stockholder value, (4) that the acquisition will add further operational and customer scale to Microchip, creating highly valued and long-lasting revenue streams for Microchip and offering Microchip s customers a richer set of solution options to enable innovative and competitive products for the markets they serve, (5) the transaction being a compelling opportunity for Microsemi stockholders, employees and customers, (6) the expectation that the transaction will close in the second half of calendar 2018 and (7) Microchip s plan to finance the transaction. Microchip and Microsemi caution you that such statements are just predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including (i) risk that the transaction may not close in the second half of 2018 or at all , (ii) risk that the conditions to the closing of the transaction will not be satisfied, (iii) the uncertain effect of the transaction on Microchip s and Microsemi s existing relationships with customers and vendors and their operating results and businesses; (iv) the costs and outcome of any litigation involving Microchip, Microsemi or the transaction, (v) Microchip s ability to successfully integrate the operations and employees, retain key employees and customers and otherwise realize the expected synergies and benefits of the acquisition, (vi) the impact of any future significant acquisitions that Microchip may make on the business and financial results of Microchip, (vii) economic uncertainty due to monetary policy, political or other issues in the U.S. or internationally, any unexpected fluctuations or weakness in the U.S. and global economies (including China), (viii) changes in demand or market acceptance of Microchip s or Microsemi s products and the products of their respective customers, (ix) changes in U.S. corporate tax laws as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 and other future legislation, (x) foreign currency effects on Microchip s and Microsemi s respective businesses, (xi) competitive developments including pricing pressures; the level of orders that are received and can be shipped in a quarter; the level of sell-through of products through distribution; changes or fluctuations in customer order patterns and seasonality, (xii) the mix of inventory Microchip holds and Microchip s ability to satisfy short-term orders from inventory; changes in utilization of Microchip s manufacturing capacity and Microchip s ability to effectively manage and expand its production levels, Microchip s ability to obtain a sufficient supply of wafers from third party wafer foundries and the cost of such wafers, (xiii) the costs and outcome of any current or future tax audit or any litigation or other matters involving intellectual property, customers, or other issues; disruptions in Microchip s business or the businesses of its customers or suppliers due to natural disasters (including any floods in Thailand), terrorist activity, armed conflict, war, worldwide oil prices and supply, public health concerns or disruptions in the transportation system; and general economic, industry or political conditions in the United States or internationally and (xv) the terms and mix of financing that Microchip is able to obtain to finance the transaction and whether such terms are favorable to Microchip or not. Actual results may differ materially from the expected results. For a detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, please refer to Microchip's and Microsemi s filings on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. You can obtain copies of Microchip s Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and other relevant documents for free at Microchip's website ( www.microchip.com ) and copies of Microsemi s Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and other relevant documents for free at Microsemi s website (www.microsemi.com) and copies of both companies SEC filings on the SEC's website ( www.sec.gov ) or from commercial document retrieval services. These documents contain and identify other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the projections or forward-looking statements contained in this press release. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this press release, which speak only as of the date such statements are made. Neither Microchip or Microsemi undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or new information after this March 1, 2018 press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Additional Information and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed acquisition, Microsemi will file a proxy statement and other related documents with the SEC. INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. Investors and stockholders may obtain a free copy of these documents (when available) and other documents filed by Microsemi at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov and at the Investor section of their website at https://investor.microsemi.com/. Microchip, Microsemi and their directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Microsemi in connection with the Merger. Information regarding the special interests of these directors and executive officers in the transaction will be included in the proxy statement described above. Additional information regarding the directors and executive officers of Microchip is also included in Microchip's proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on July 13, 2017. Additional information regarding the directors and executive officers of Microsemi is also included in Microsemi s proxy statement for its 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on December 20, 2017. These documents are available free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov and as described above. About Microchip Technology Microchip Technology Inc. (NASDAQ: MCHP) is a leading provider of microcontroller, mixed-signal, analog and Flash-IP solutions, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Microchip offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality. For more information, visit the Microchip website at http://www.microchip.com. About Microsemi Microsemi Corporation (Nasdaq:MSCC) offers a comprehensive portfolio of semiconductor and system solutions for aerospace & defense, communications, data center and industrial markets. Products include high-performance and radiation-hardened analog mixed-signal integrated circuits, FPGAs, SoCs and ASICs; power management products; timing and synchronization devices and precise time solutions, setting the world's standard for time; voice processing devices; RF solutions; discrete components; enterprise storage and communication solutions, security technologies and scalable anti-tamper products; Ethernet solutions; Power-over-Ethernet ICs and midspans; as well as custom design capabilities and services. Microsemi is headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California, and has approximately 4,800 employees globally. Learn more at www.microsemi.com. MICROCHIP CONTACT: J. Eric Bjornholt CFO .(480) 792-7804 MICROSEMI CONTACT: John W Hohener CFO .(949) 380-6100

BayCom Corp Announces Adoption of Stock Repurchase Program WALNUT CREEK, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--BayCom Corp (NASDAQ: BCML) ( BayCom or the Company ), the parent company of United Business Bank, today announced that its Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program. Under the stock repurchase program, the Company may repurchase up to 646,922 shares of its common stock, or approximately 5% of its outstanding shares. Repurchases are expected to commence following announcement of the Company s operating results for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2019. The stock repurchase program permits shares to be repurchased over a one year period in open market or private transactions, through block trades, and pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased under the program will depend on a number of factors, including the constraints specified in the 10b5-1 trading plan, price, general business and market conditions, and alternative investment opportunities. Open market purchases will be conducted in accordance with the limitations set forth in Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act and other applicable legal requirements. The repurchase program may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason, including market conditions, the cost of repurchasing shares, the availability of alternative investment opportunities, liquidity, and other factors deemed appropriate. These factors may also affect the timing and amount of share repurchases. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to purchase any particular number of shares. We are pleased to announce our first stock repurchase program since becoming a public company in May 2018, which reflects our commitment to manage our capital prudently and in a manner which we believe will enhance shareholder value, said George Guarini, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Guarini went on to say, We have maintained an unwavering commitment to our shareholders since the day we opened our doors in July of 2004 and this action along with our historical performance as solid stewards of capital demonstrates that commitment. Implementing this stock repurchase program is one of the strategies the Board believes is integral to the effective management of our capital. About BayCom Corp The Company, through its wholly owned operating subsidiary, United Business Bank, offers a full-range of loans, including SBA, FSA and USDA guaranteed loans, and deposit products and services to businesses and its affiliates in California, Washington, New Mexico and Colorado. The Bank also offers business escrow services and facilitates tax free exchanges through its Bankers Exchange Division. The Bank is an Equal Housing Lender and a member of FDIC. The Company is traded on the NASDAQ under the symbol BCML . For more information, go to www.unitedbusinessbank.com. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this communication and in other documents filed with or furnished to the SEC, in press releases or other public stockholder communications, or in oral statements made with the approval of an authorized executive officer, the words or phrases "may," "believe," "will," "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimate," "project," "plans," "potential," or similar expressions are intended to identify "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors and security holders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date such statements are made. These statements may relate to future financial performance, strategic plans or objectives, revenues or earnings projections, or other financial information. By their nature, these statements are subject to numerous uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the statements. Statements about the expected timing, completion and effects of the proposed merger and all other statements in this communication other than historical facts constitute forward-looking statements. In addition to factors disclosed in the BayCom s SEC reports, important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated or projected include, but are not limited to, the following: expected revenues, cost savings, synergies and other benefits from our recent acquisitions might not be realized within the expected time frames or at all and costs or difficulties relating to integration matters, including but not limited to customer and employee retention, might be greater than expected; future acquisitions by BayCom of other depository institutions or lines of business; changes in general economic conditions and conditions within the securities market; legislative and regulatory changes; fluctuations in interest rates; the risks of lending and investing activities, including changes in the level and direction of loan delinquencies and write-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses; the Company's ability to access cost-effective funding; fluctuations in real estate values and both residential and commercial real estate market conditions; demand for loans and deposits in the Company's market area; increased competitive pressures; changes in management's business strategies; and other factors included under the headings Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2018 and other documents subsequently filed by the Company with the SEC. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

ANI Pharmaceuticals Announces FDA Approval of Potassium Citrate Extended-Release Tablets USP BAUDETTE, Minn., Jan. 16, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("ANI") (Nasdaq: ANIP) today announced it has received approval of the Company's abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for Potassium Citrate Extended-Release Tablets USP, 10 mEq and 15 mEq. The current annual U.S. market for this product is approximately $75 million, according to IQVIA. Arthur S. Przybyl, ANI's President and CEO stated, "We are excited to receive FDA approval for this extended release drug that was successfully developed by ANI's internal formulation group. We plan to launch the drug, which will be manufactured at our Baudette, Minnesota plant, in the first quarter of this year." About Potassium Citrate Extended-Release Tablets USP Potassium Citrate Extended-Release Tablets USP are indicated for the management of renal tubular acidosis with calcium stones, hypocitraturic calcium oxalate nephrolithiasis of any etiology, and uric acid lithiasis with or without calcium stones. For more information, including the complete list of indications and usages, please see the Full Prescribing Information. About ANI ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the "Company" or "ANI") is an integrated specialty pharmaceutical company developing, manufacturing, and marketing branded and generic prescription pharmaceuticals. The Company's targeted areas of product development currently include narcotics, oncolytics (anti-cancers), hormones and steroids, and complex formulations involving extended release and combination products. For more information, please visit our website www.anipharmaceuticals.com. Forward-Looking Statements To the extent any statements made in this release deal with information that is not historical, these are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about price increases, the Company's future operations, products, financial position, operating results and prospects, the Company's pipeline or potential markets therefor, and other statements that are not historical in nature, particularly those that utilize terminology such as "anticipates," "will," "expects," "plans," "potential," "future," "believes," "intends," "continue," other words of similar meaning, derivations of such words and the use of future dates. Uncertainties and risks may cause the Company's actual results to be materially different than those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Uncertainties and risks include, but are not limited to, the risk that the Company may face with respect to importing raw materials; increased competition; acquisitions; contract manufacturing arrangements; delays or failure in obtaining product approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; general business and economic conditions; market trends; products development; regulatory and other approvals and marketing. More detailed information on these and additional factors that could affect the Company's actual results are described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as its proxy statement. All forward-looking statements in this news release speak only as of the date of this news release and are based on the Company's current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For more information about ANI, please contact:Investor Relations[email protected] SOURCE ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Related Links www.anipharmaceuticals.com

Tesla Announces a Five-for-One Stock Split PALO ALTO, Calif., Aug. 11, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Tesla, Inc. ( Tesla ) announced today that the Board of Directors has approved and declared a five-for-one split of Tesla s common stock in the form of a stock dividend to make stock ownership more accessible to employees and investors. Each stockholder of record on August 21, 2020 will receive a dividend of four additional shares of common stock for each then-held share, to be distributed after close of trading on August 28, 2020. Trading will begin on a stock split-adjusted basis on August 31, 2020. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding the expected timing and impact of the stock dividend are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations. Various important factors could cause actual results to differ materially, including the risks identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. Tesla disclaims any obligation to update this information.

Ekso Bionics Receives FDA Clearance to Market its EksoNR Robotic Exoskeleton for Use with Acquired Brain Injury Patients RICHMOND, Calif., June 25, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: EKSO) (the Company ) , an industry leader in exoskeleton technology for medical and industrial use, today announced it has received 501(k) clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to market its EksoNRTM robotic exoskeleton for use with patients with acquired brain injury (ABI). EksoNR is the first exoskeleton device to receive FDA clearance for rehabilitation use with ABI, significantly expanding the device s indication to a broader group of patients. EksoNR is the next generation device of the most clinically used robotic exoskeleton, and was previously cleared by the FDA for stroke and spinal cord injury rehabilitation in 2016. The device was the first of its kind to receive a stroke indication and is now also the first to receive an ABI indication. ABI is the broadest category of brain injury and is comprised of both traumatic (TBI) and non-traumatic (n-TBI) causes. TBI includes severe head injuries and concussions, while n-TBI includes a broader subset of conditions, such as stroke, aneurysms, brain tumors, anoxia, degenerative and metabolic conditions, infections, and surgical injuries, among others. Combined annual incidence of TBI and stroke alone represent an estimated patient population of 3.7 million in the U.S. and 84 million globally. At Ekso Bionics, we are committed to maximizing patient access to our technology. With the expanded indications to include the broad category of acquired brain injuries, the EksoNR has the potential to mobilize significantly more patients and improve patient recovery, said Jack Peurach, CEO and president of Ekso Bionics. Based on their experience with EksoNR, customers at leading rehabilitation centers have acknowledged the benefits our technology can offer during recovery from brain injuries. We are excited to see the device used more widely in neurorehabilitation. EksoNR is cleared by the FDA for stroke, spinal cord injury, and acquired brain injury rehabilitation. The device is also CE-marked and available in Europe. Utilized by over 270 rehabilitation centers around the world, the Ekso device has helped patients take more than 120 million steps, while supporting patients hopes of early mobility and independence. About Ekso Bionics Ekso Bionics is a leading developer of exoskeleton solutions that amplify human potential by supporting or enhancing strength, endurance and mobility across medical and industrial applications. Founded in 2005, the Company continues to build upon its industry-leading expertise to design some of the most cutting-edge, innovative wearable robots available on the market. Ekso Bionics is the only exoskeleton company to offer technologies that range from helping those with paralysis to stand up and walk, to enhancing human capabilities on job sites across the globe. The Company is headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area and is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol EKSO. For more information, visit: www.eksobionics.com or follow @EksoBionics on Twitter. Forward-Looking Statements Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding he potential benefits, performance and effectiveness of the Company s products and systems, including the EksoNR. Such forward-looking statements are not meant to predict or guarantee actual results, performance, events or circumstances and may not be realized because they are based upon the Company s current projections, plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations, estimates and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and other influences, many of which the Company has no control over. Actual results and the timing of certain events and circumstances may differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties. Factors that may influence or contribute to the inaccuracy of the forward-looking statements or cause actual results to differ materially from expected or desired results may include, without limitation, the Company s inability to obtain adequate financing or maintain operating revenues (including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic) to fund the Company s operations and necessary to develop or enhance the Company s technology, the significant length of time and resources associated with the development of the Company s products, the Company s failure to achieve broad market acceptance of the Company s products, the failure of the Company s sales and marketing efforts or of partners to market the Company s products effectively, adverse results in future clinical studies of the Company s medical device products, the failure to obtain or maintain patent protection for the Company s technology, the failure of the Company to obtain or maintain regulatory approval to market the Company s medical devices, disruptions in the Company s supply chain due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus and other delays that may result from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company s lack of product diversification, existing or increased competition, and the Company s failure to implement the Company s business plans or strategies. These and other factors are identified and described in more detail in the Company s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. To learn more about Ekso Bionics please visit the Company s website at www.eksobionics.com or follow @EksoBionics on Twitter. The Company does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements. Media Contact: Carrie Yamond Mas 917-371-2320 cmas@eksobionics.com Investor Contact: David Carey 212-867-1768 investors@eksobionics.com

Astellas and Pfizer Announce Positive Top-Line Results from Phase 3 ARCHES Trial of XTANDI (enzalutamide) in Men with Metastatic Hormone-Sensitive Prostate Cancer TOKYO and NEW YORK, Dec. 20, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Astellas Pharma Inc. (TSE: 4503, President and CEO: Kenji Yasukawa, Ph.D., "Astellas") and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the Phase 3 ARCHES trial evaluating XTANDI (enzalutamide) plus androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) in men with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer (mHSPC) met its primary endpoint, significantly improving radiographic progression-free survival (rPFS) versus ADT alone. The preliminary safety analysis of the ARCHES trial appears consistent with the safety profile of XTANDI in previous clinical trials in castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC). Detailed results will be submitted for presentation at an upcoming medical congress. "While XTANDI is currently approved for both metastatic and non-metastatic CRPC, there still remains a need for more treatment options for men with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer," said Mace Rothenberg, M.D., Chief Development Officer, Oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "With these top-line results, we believe XTANDI has the potential to help men whose disease has progressed outside the prostate gland, but still responds to treatment to lower testosterone." "The results from ARCHES demonstrate a statistically significant improvement in a key marker of disease progression radiographic progression-free survival," said Steven Benner, M.D., Senior Vice President and Global Therapeutic Area Head, Oncology Development, Astellas. "Based on the top-line results of ARCHES, we look forward to discussing the data with relevant health authorities to potentially support expanding the indication for XTANDI." XTANDI is currently approved in the U.S. and Japan for the treatment of CRPC and in the EU for the treatment of metastatic and high-risk non-metastatic CRPC. Since its initial approval in 2012, XTANDI has been prescribed to more than 330,000 men worldwide.[1] About ARCHESThe Phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-national trial enrolled 1,150 patients with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer (mHSPC) at sites in the United States, Canada, Europe, South America and the Asia-Pacific region. Patients in the ARCHES trial were randomized to receive XTANDI 160 mg daily or placebo and continued on a luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) agonist or antagonist or had a history of bilateral orchiectomy. The ARCHES trial included patients with both low- and high- volume disease and both newly diagnosed patients with mHSPC and patients who had prior definitive therapy and subsequently developed metastatic disease. The trial also included some patients who had received recent treatment with docetaxel for mHSPC, but whose disease had not progressed. The primary endpoint of the trial was radiographic progression-free survival (rPFS), defined as the time from randomization to the first objective evidence of radiographic disease progression as assessed by central review, or death, whichever occurs first. For more information on the ARCHES (NCT02677896) trial go to www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Metastatic Hormone-Sensitive Prostate Cancer In men with prostate cancer, the disease is considered metastatic once the cancer has spread outside of the prostate gland to other parts of the body, such as the bones, lymph nodes, bladder and rectum.[2] Men are considered hormone (or castration) sensitive if their disease still responds to medical or surgical treatment to lower testosterone levels.[3] Approximately 38,000 men in the U.S. develop metastatic HSPC every year.[4],[5] About XTANDI (enzalutamide) capsulesXTANDI (enzalutamide) is an androgen receptor inhibitor indicated for the treatment of patients with castration-resistant prostate cancer. As part of Pfizer and Astellas' ongoing commitment to the clinical development of enzalutamide, XTANDI is also being evaluated in the EMBARK trial, in men with high-risk non-metastatic HSPC. Details about EMBARK (NCT02319837) are available on www.clinicaltrials.gov. Important Safety Information for XTANDI in CRPC Warnings and PrecautionsSeizure occurred in 0.4% of patients receiving XTANDI in clinical studies. In a study of patients with predisposing factors for seizure, 2.2% of XTANDI-treated patients experienced a seizure. Patients in the study had one or more of the following pre-disposing factors: use of medications that may lower the seizure threshold; history of traumatic brain or head injury, cerebrovascular accident or transient ischemic attack, Alzheimer's disease, meningioma, or leptomeningeal disease from prostate cancer, unexplained loss of consciousness within the last 12 months, history of seizure, presence of a space occupying lesion of the brain, history of arteriovenous malformation, or history of brain infection. It is unknown whether anti-epileptic medications will prevent seizures with XTANDI. Advise patients of the risk of developing a seizure while taking XTANDI and of engaging in any activity where sudden loss of consciousness could cause serious harm to themselves or others. Permanently discontinue XTANDI in patients who develop a seizure during treatment. Posterior Reversible Encephalopathy Syndrome (PRES) In post approval use, there have been reports of PRES in patients receiving XTANDI. PRES is a neurological disorder which can present with rapidly evolving symptoms including seizure, headache, lethargy, confusion, blindness, and other visual and neurological disturbances, with or without associated hypertension. A diagnosis of PRES requires confirmation by brain imaging, preferably MRI. Discontinue XTANDI in patients who develop PRES. Hypersensitivity reactions, including edema of the face (0.5%), tongue (0.1%), or lip (0.1%) have been observed with XTANDI in clinical trials. Pharyngeal edema has been reported in post-marketing cases. Advise patients who experience any symptoms of hypersensitivity to temporarily discontinue XTANDI and promptly seek medical care. Permanently discontinue XTANDI for serious hypersensitivity reactions. Ischemic Heart Disease In the placebo-controlled clinical studies, ischemic heart disease occurred more commonly in patients on the XTANDI arm compared to patients on the placebo arm (2.7% vs 1.2%). Grade 3-4 ischemic events occurred in 1.2% of patients on XTANDI versus 0.5% on placebo. Ischemic events led to death in 0.4% of patients on XTANDI compared to 0.1% on placebo. Monitor for signs and symptoms of ischemic heart disease. Optimize management of cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension, diabetes, or dyslipidemia. Discontinue XTANDI for Grade 3-4 ischemic heart disease. Falls and Fractures In the placebo-controlled clinical studies, falls occurred in 10% of patients treated with XTANDI compared to 4% of patients treated with placebo. Fractures occurred in 8% of patients treated with XTANDI and in 3% of patients treated with placebo. Evaluate patients for fracture and fall risk. Monitor and manage patients at risk for fractures according to established treatment guidelines and consider use of bone-targeted agents. Embryo-Fetal Toxicity Safety and efficacy of XTANDI have not been established in females. XTANDI can cause fetal harm and loss of pregnancy when administered to a pregnant female. Advise males with female partners of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with XTANDI and for 3 months after the last dose of XTANDI. XTANDI should not be handled by females who are or may become pregnant. Adverse ReactionsThe most common adverse reactions ( 10%) that occurred more frequently ( 2% over placebo) in the XTANDI patients from the randomized placebo-controlled trials were asthenia/fatigue, decreased appetite, hot flush, arthralgia, dizziness/vertigo, hypertension, headache and weight decreased. In the bicalutamide-controlled study, the most common adverse reactions ( 10%) reported in XTANDI patients were asthenia/fatigue, back pain, musculoskeletal pain, hot flush, hypertension, nausea, constipation, diarrhea, upper respiratory tract infection, and weight loss. In the placebo-controlled study of metastatic CRPC (mCRPC) patients taking XTANDI who previously received docetaxel, Grade 3 and higher adverse reactions were reported among 47% of XTANDI patients and 53% of placebo patients. Discontinuations due to adverse events were reported for 16% of XTANDI patients and 18% of placebo patients. In the placebo-controlled study of chemotherapy-na ve mCRPC patients, Grade 3-4 adverse reactions were reported in 44% of XTANDI patients and 37% of placebo patients. Discontinuations due to adverse events were reported for 6% of both study groups. In the placebo-controlled study of non-metastatic CRPC (nmCRPC) patients, Grade 3 or higher adverse reactions were reported in 31% of XTANDI patients and 23% of placebo patients. Discontinuations with an adverse event as the primary reason were reported for 9% of XTANDI patients and 6% of placebo patients. In the bicalutamide-controlled study of chemotherapy-na ve mCRPC patients, Grade 3-4 adverse reactions were reported in 39% of XTANDI patients and 38% of bicalutamide patients. Discontinuations with an AE as the primary reason were reported for 8% of XTANDI patients and 6% of bicalutamide patients. Lab Abnormalities: In the two placebo-controlled trials in patients with mCRPC, Grade 1-4 neutropenia occurred in 15% of XTANDI patients (1% Grade 3-4) and 6% of placebo patients (0.5% Grade 3-4). In the placebo-controlled trial in patients with nmCRPC, Grade 1-4 neutropenia occurred in 8% of patients receiving XTANDI (0.5% Grade 3-4) and in 5% of patients receiving placebo (0.2% Grade 3-4). Hypertension: In the two placebo-controlled trials in patients with mCRPC, hypertension was reported in 11% of XTANDI patients and 4% of placebo patients. Hypertension led to study discontinuation in <1% of patients in each arm. In the placebo-controlled trial in patients with nmCRPC, hypertension was reported in 12% of patients receiving XTANDI and 5% of patients receiving placebo. Drug InteractionsEffect of Other Drugs on XTANDI Avoid strong CYP2C8 inhibitors, as they can increase the plasma exposure to XTANDI. If co-administration is necessary, reduce the dose of XTANDI. Avoid strong CYP3A4 inducers as they can decrease the plasma exposure to XTANDI. If co-administration is necessary, increase the dose of XTANDI. Effect of XTANDI on Other Drugs Avoid CYP3A4, CYP2C9, and CYP2C19 substrates with a narrow therapeutic index, as XTANDI may decrease the plasma exposures of these drugs. If XTANDI is co-administered with warfarin (CYP2C9 substrate), conduct additional INR monitoring. Please see Full Prescribing Information for additional safety information. About Pfizer OncologyAt Pfizer Oncology, we are committed to advancing medicines wherever we believe we can make a meaningful difference on the lives of patients. Today, Pfizer Oncology has an industry-leading portfolio of 14 approved cancer medicines across 22 indications, including breast, prostate, kidney, lung and hematology. We also have two oncology biosimilar medicines approved globally and several assets in mid to late-stage development for the treatment of cancer or as supportive care. Pfizer Oncology is striving to change the trajectory of cancer. About AstellasAstellas Pharma Inc., based in Tokyo, Japan, is a company dedicated to improving the health of people around the world through the provision of innovative and reliable pharmaceutical products. For more information, please visit our website at https://www.astellas.com/us/. About the Pfizer/Astellas CollaborationIn October 2009, Medivation, Inc., which is now part of Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), and Astellas (TSE: 4503) entered into a global agreement to jointly develop and commercialize enzalutamide. The companies jointly commercialize XTANDI in the United States and Astellas has responsibility for manufacturing and all additional regulatory filings globally, as well as commercializing XTANDI outside the United States. Astellas Forward-Looking StatementIn this press release, statements made with respect to current plans, estimates, strategies and beliefs and other statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements about the future performance of Astellas. These statements are based on management's current assumptions and beliefs in light of the information currently available to it and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to: (i) changes in general economic conditions and in laws and regulations, relating to pharmaceutical markets, (ii) currency exchange rate fluctuations, (iii) delays in new product launches, (iv) the inability of Astellas to market existing and new products effectively, (v) the inability of Astellas to continue to effectively research and develop products accepted by customers in highly competitive markets, and (vi) infringements of Astellas' intellectual property rights by third parties. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development), which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement or medical advice. Pfizer Disclosure NoticeThe information contained in this release is as of December 20, 2018. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about XTANDI (enzalutamide) and potential new indications being evaluated for the treatment of men with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer and the treatment of men with high-risk non-metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of XTANDI; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical trial commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable clinical trial results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from our clinical studies; the risks associated with interim data; whether and when drug applications for any of the potential new indications for XTANDI or any potential indications for XTANDI may be filed in any jurisdictions; whether and when regulatory authorities in any jurisdictions may approve any such applications, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted and, if approved, whether XTANDI for any such potential new indications will be commercially successful; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling, safety, and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of XTANDI, including for the potential new indications; risks related to increasing competitive, reimbursement and economic challenges; dependence on the efforts and funding by Astellas Pharma Inc. for the development, manufacturing and commercialization of XTANDI; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. [1] Data on file. Northbrook, IL: Astellas Inc.[2] American Society of Clinical Oncology. ASCO Answers: Prostate Cancer (2018). http://www.cancer.net/sites/cancer.net/files/asco_answers_guide_prostate.pdf. Accessed 11-13-2018[3] Cancer.net. Prostate Cancer: Types of Treatment (03-2018). https://www.cancer.net/cancer-types/prostate-cancer/types-treatment. Accessed 11-7-2018.[4] Scher HI, Solo K, Valant J, Todd MB, Mehra M et al. Prevalence of Prostate Cancer Clinical States and Mortality in the United States: Estimates Using a Dynamic Progression Model. PLoS One. 2015; 10(10): 1-2.[5] Siegel RL, Miller KD, Jemal A, Cancer statistics, 2018. CA Cancer Journal for Clinicians. 2018;68:7 30. SOURCE Astellas Pharma Inc. Related Links https://www.astellas.com/us

Chiasma Announces FDA Approval of MYCAPSSA (Octreotide) Capsules, the First and Only Oral Somatostatin Analog MYCAPSSA is indicated for long-term maintenance treatment in acromegaly patients who have responded to and tolerated treatment with octreotide or lanreotide Conference call and webcast scheduled today at 2 pm ET NEEDHAM, Mass., June 26, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Chiasma, Inc. (NASDAQ: CHMA), a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company, announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved MYCAPSSA (octreotide) capsules for long-term maintenance treatment in acromegaly patients who have responded to and tolerated treatment with octreotide or lanreotide. MYCAPSSA is the first and only oral somatostatin analog (SSA) approved by the FDA and the first product approved by the FDA utilizing Chiasma s Transient Permeability Enhancer (TPE ) technology. Acromegaly is a rare chronic disease often caused by a benign pituitary tumor and characterized by excess production of growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor-1 hormone that is frequently treated with chronic burdensome injections. If left untreated, acromegaly can lead to serious, and sometimes life-threatening medical conditions. The company estimates that approximately 8,000 patients are on injectable SSAs in the U.S. The FDA approval of MYCAPSSA represents a major therapeutic advancement for people with acromegaly and validation of our TPE delivery platform, said Raj Kannan, chief executive officer of Chiasma. We are grateful to patients, healthcare providers, advocates and clinical trial investigators, as well as our employees who have worked diligently to bring MYCAPSSA to people with acromegaly. As we move into this next exciting phase as a commercial company, we are prepared to execute on a successful U.S. launch by working with healthcare providers to bring MYCAPSSA to as many patients who could benefit from it. People living with acromegaly experience many challenges associated with injectable therapies and are in need of new treatment options, said Jill Sisco, president of the Acromegaly Community, Inc. The entire acromegaly community has long awaited oral therapeutic options and it is gratifying to see that the FDA has now approved the first oral SSA therapy with the potential to make a significant impact in the lives of people with acromegaly and their caregivers. For patients living with acromegaly and for their physicians and nurses, the FDA approval of oral octreotide capsules ushers in a new era of treatment, said Shlomo Melmed, MB, ChB, MACP, executive vice president of Academic Affairs and dean of the Medical Faculty at Cedars-Sinai. Over the last 30 years treating physicians have come to trust octreotide in the treatment of acromegaly, and an oral alternative allows patients to avoid many of the documented treatment burdens associated with injections. Results from the pivotal Phase 3 CHIASMA OPTIMAL clinical trial are encouraging for patients with acromegaly, said Susan Samson, M.D., Ph.D., FRCPC, FACE, principal investigator of the CHIASMA OPTIMAL clinical trial. Based on data from the CHIASMA OPTIMAL trial showing patients on therapy being able to maintain mean IGF-1 levels within the normal range at the end of treatment, I believe oral octreotide capsules hold meaningful promise for patients with this disease and will address a long-standing unmet treatment need. The company expects MYCAPSSA to be commercially available in the fourth quarter of 2020 subject to FDA s timely approval of a planned manufacturing supplement to the approved NDA. Chiasma plans to scale-up its customer facing team in sales, patient services and market access to approximately 45 employees. To help patients switch to MYCAPSSA, Chiasma plans to offer an array of patient support services ranging from assistance with insurance providers and specialty pharmacies to giving patients support to help incorporate MYCAPSSA seamlessly into their daily living. The company believes that patients, physicians, nurses, and payers will appreciate the significant benefits provided by MYCAPSSA. To ensure patients have broad access to this innovation, Chiasma plans to price MYCAPSSA competitively with the fastest growing SSA in the U.S. acromegaly market reflecting the value provided by MYCAPSSA to the health care system. The FDA approval of MYCAPSSA was based on the positive results of the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, nine-month Phase 3 CHIASMA OPTIMAL clinical trial of octreotide capsules, which met the primary endpoint and all four secondary endpoints, as well as safety data from all of Chiasma s Phase 3 clinical trials of MYCAPSSA. The following important adverse reactions are described in the MYCAPSSA prescribing information: cholelithiasis and complications of cholelithiasis; hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia; thyroid function abnormalities; cardiac function abnormalities; and decreased vitamin B12 levels and abnormal Schilling s tests. Conference Call and Webcast Information Chiasma management will host a conference call and webcast to discuss the FDA approval of MYCAPSSA and provide a business update today, June 26, 2020, at 2:00 pm ET. The dial-in number in the U.S. / Canada is 1-877-407-4018; for international participants, the dial-in number is 1-201-689-8471. For all callers, please refer to Conference ID 13705297. To access the live webcast, please use the following link: http://public.viavid.com/index.php?id=140270 A live audio webcast of the call may also be accessed under "Events & Presentations" on the News & Investors section of the Company's website, https://ir.chiasma.com/events-presentations . An archived replay of webcast will be available on the Company s website approximately two hours after the event. The archived webcast will be available for one year. CHIASMA OPTIMAL Global Phase 3 Trial The CHIASMA OPTIMAL trial was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, nine-month Phase 3 clinical trial of octreotide capsules that was conducted under a SPA agreement with the FDA. The trial enrolled 56 adult acromegaly patients whose disease was biochemically controlled by injectable somatostatin analogs (octreotide or lanreotide) based upon levels of IGF-1, a byproduct of increased growth hormone (GH), levels caused by acromegaly (average IGF-1 1.0 upper limit of normal (ULN)). The patients also had confirmed active acromegaly following their last surgical intervention based upon an elevated IGF-1 at that time of 1.3 ULN. Patients were randomized on a 1:1 basis, to octreotide capsules or placebo. Patients were dose titrated from 40 mg per day (equaling one capsule in the morning and one capsule in the evening) to up to a maximum of 80 mg per day (equaling two capsules in the morning and two capsules in the evening). Patients who met the predefined withdrawal criteria, or discontinued from oral treatment for any reason, in either treatment arm during the course of the trial were considered treatment failures, reverted to their original treatment of injections and monitored for the remainder of the trial. The primary endpoint of the trial was the proportion of patients who maintained their biochemical response at the end of the nine-month, double-blind, placebo-controlled period as measured using the average of the last two IGF-1 levels 1.0 ULN (assessed at weeks 34 and 36). Hierarchical secondary endpoints include: proportion of patients who maintain GH response at week 36 compared to screening; time to loss of response: IGF-1 of 2 consecutive visits is > 1.0 ULN; time to loss of response: IGF-1 of 2 consecutive visits is 1.3 ULN; and proportion of patients requiring reversion to prior treatment. As previously announced, CHIASMA OPTIMAL met the primary endpoint and all secondary endpoints. About MYCAPSSA INDICATION AND USAGE MYCAPSSA (octreotide) delayed-release capsules, for oral use is a somatostatin analog indicated for long-term maintenance treatment in acromegaly patients who have responded to and tolerated treatment with octreotide or lanreotide. CONTRAINDICATIONS Hypersensitivity to octreotide or any of the components of MYCAPSSA. MYCAPSSA can cause a serious allergic reaction including anaphylactic shock. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Warnings and Precautions Gallbladder abnormalities may occur. Monitor periodically. Discontinue if complications of cholelithiasis are suspected. Hypoglycemia or hyperglycemia may occur. Glucose monitoring is recommended and antidiabetic treatment may need adjustment. Hypothyroidism may occur. Monitor thyroid levels periodically. Bradycardia, arrhythmia or conduction abnormalities may occur. Treatment with drugs that have bradycardia effects may need adjustment. Decreased vitamin B12 levels and abnormal Schilling s tests have been observed in some patients receiving octreotide. Monitor vitamin B12 levels during treatment. ADVERSE REACTIONS The most common adverse reactions (incidence >10 %) are nausea, diarrhea, headache, arthralgia, asthenia, hyperhidrosis, peripheral swelling, blood glucose increased, vomiting, abdominal discomfort, dyspepsia, sinusitis, and osteoarthritis. DRUG INTERACTIONS The following drugs require monitoring and possible dose adjustment when used with MYCAPSSA: cyclosporine, insulin, oral hypoglycemic agents, beta blockers, bromocriptine. Counsel women to use an alternative non-hormonal method of contraception or a back-up method when MYCAPSSA is used with combined oral contraceptives. PREGNANCY Advise premenopausal females of the potential for an unintended pregnancy. To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact the product information department at 1-844-312-2462 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch The full Prescribing Information for MYCAPSSA will be made available at www.MYCAPSSA.com . About Acromegaly Acromegaly typically develops when a benign tumor of the pituitary gland produces too much growth hormone, ultimately leading to significant health problems. Common features of acromegaly are facial changes, intense headaches, joint pain, impaired vision and enlargement of the hands, feet, tongue and internal organs. Serious health conditions associated with the progression of acromegaly include type 2 diabetes, hypertension, respiratory disorders and cardiac and cerebrovascular disease. The company estimates that approximately 8,000 adult acromegaly patients are chronically treated with somatostatin analogs in the United States. About Chiasma Chiasma is focused on developing and commercializing oral therapies to improve the lives of patients who face challenges associated with their existing treatments for rare and serious chronic diseases. Employing its Transient Permeability Enhancer (TPE ) technology platform, Chiasma seeks to develop oral medications that are currently available only as injections. On June 26, 2020, Chiasma received FDA approval of MYCAPSSA for long-term maintenance therapy in acromegaly patients who have responded to and tolerated treatment with octreotide or lanreotide. MYCAPSSA is the first and only oral somatostatin analog approved by the FDA. Chiasma is headquartered in Needham, MA with a wholly owned subsidiary in Israel. MYCAPSSA, TPE and CHIASMA are registered trademarks of Chiasma. For more information, please visit the company s website at www.chiasma.com . Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements regarding the company s expectations relating to MYCAPSSA for the long-term maintenance therapy in acromegaly patients who have responded to and tolerated treatment with octreotide or lanreotide, statements regarding the commercial plans for and the commercialization of MYCAPSSA, including its pricing, reimbursement and market adoption, statements concerning the commercial or therapeutic potential of MYCAPSSA and the anticipated market acceptance of MYCAPSSA, statements regarding the company s plan to submit manufacturing supplements and the company s expectations regarding the availability of product supply, statements concerning the timing and success of a potential commercial launch of MYCAPSSA in the United States, and statements concerning the number of customer-facing employees and the timing of their hiring. Such statements are subject to numerous important factors, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company s control, that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from the company s current expectations. Management s expectations and, therefore, any forward-looking statements in this press release could be affected by risks and uncertainties relating to a number of factors, including the following: the content and timing of decisions made by the FDA, including with respect any manufacturing supplements to the NDA the company plans to submit to the FDA, the results of any inspections of the company s third-party manufacturers, the company s reliance on third parties to manufacture API and commercial octreotide capsules, the company s ability to retain requisite regulatory approvals for the commercial launch of octreotide capsules in the United States, and the timing and costs involved in establishing a commercial organization and the impact the ongoing COVID-19 crisis may have on the company s business, including its expected development, manufacturing, regulatory and commercialization timelines for MYCAPSSA. For a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause the company s actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled Risk Factors in Chiasma s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, and in subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release, and Chiasma undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law. Corporate Contact: Dawn Schottlandt Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications 617-928-5208 dawn.schottlandt@chiasmapharma.com

Duke Energy Renewables announces contract with AT&T for Frontier Windpower II in Oklahoma Once complete, Frontier II will be Duke Energy Renewables' largest wind power project in its fleet at 350 MW AT&T joins Ball Corporation as investor in wind power produced by the project CHARLOTTE, N.C., Sept. 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Duke Energy Renewables, a commercial business unit of Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK), today announced that AT&T has signed a 15-year, 160-megawatt (MW) virtual power purchase agreement (VPPA) for Frontier Windpower II. Duke Energy Renewables is building the 350-MW Frontier II in Kay County, Okla. Ball Corporation previously announced its commitment to Frontier II with a 15-year VPPA for 161 MW of the project. The project is an expansion of Frontier Windpower, which has been operational since 2016. Once complete, Frontier I and II will generate a total of 550 MW of wind energy enough to power approximately 193,000 homes. "Frontier II will deliver clean energy for Oklahoma and significant economic benefits to the area," said Rob Caldwell, president of Duke Energy Renewables. "We're pleased to be working with AT&T and Ball Corporation on the Frontier II project, which will be located in an area that has some of the best wind resources in the country." "Last year we said we were going big on renewable energy, and our virtual power purchase agreement with Duke Energy Renewables reiterates our continued dedication to doing just that," said Joe Taylor, vice president of global infrastructure optimization and implementation, AT&T. "This agreement helps solidify AT&T's position as one of the largest corporate purchasers of renewable energy in the U.S., and underscores our companywide commitment to helping address climate change and creating a better, more sustainable world." "The renewable energy agreement with Duke Energy Renewables places Ball among the leading corporate buyers of renewable energy in our industry and the U.S., marking a critical moment in our sustainability journey," said John A. Hayes, chairman, president and CEO of Ball Corporation. "Utilizing renewable energy is an important lever to further enhance the sustainability credentials of our packaging and demonstrates our commitment to have the aluminum can recognized as the most sustainable package." Construction for Frontier II is underway, and the wind project will be fully operational by December 2020. During peak construction, the wind project will create approximately 250 jobs. Nordex Group will supply 74 4.8-MW wind turbines for the site. The 350-MW Frontier Windpower II project will produce enough energy to power about 123,000 average homes. Amshore US Wind provided development support for the project, and Wanzek Construction is the contractor. Duke Energy is one of the nation's top renewable energy providers on track to own or purchase 8,000 megawatts of wind, solar and biomass energy by 2020. Duke Energy Renewables Duke Energy Renewables, a nonregulated unit of Duke Energy, operates wind and solar generation facilities across the U.S., with a total electric capacity of 3,000 megawatts. The power is sold to electric utilities, electric cooperatives, municipalities, and commercial and industrial customers. The unit also operates energy storage and microgrid projects. Visit Duke Energy Renewables for more information. Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK), a Fortune 150 company headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., is one of the largest energy holding companies in the U.S. It employs 30,000 people and has an electric generating capacity of 51,000 megawatts through its regulated utilities, in addition to Duke Energy Renewables' capacity. Duke Energy is transforming its customers' experience, modernizing the energy grid, generating cleaner energy and expanding natural gas infrastructure to create a smarter energy future for the people and communities it serves. Duke Energy was named to Fortune's 2019 "World's Most Admired Companies" list, and Forbes' 2019 "America's Best Employers" list. More information about the company is available at duke-energy.com. The Duke Energy News Center contains news releases, fact sheets, photos, videos and other materials. Duke Energy's illumination features stories about people, innovations, community topics and environmental issues. Follow Duke Energy on Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and Facebook. AT&T AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) is a diversified, global leader in telecommunications, media and entertainment, and technology. It executes in the market under four operating units. WarnerMedia's HBO, Turner and Warner Bros. divisions are world leaders in creating premium content, operate one of the world's largest TV and film studios, and own a world-class library of entertainment. AT&T Communications provides more than 100 million U.S. consumers with entertainment and communications experiences across TV, mobile and broadband services. Plus, it serves nearly 3 million business customers with high-speed, highly secure connectivity and smart solutions. AT&T Latin America provides pay-TV services across 11 countries and territories in Latin America and the Caribbean, and is the fastest growing wireless provider in Mexico, serving consumers and businesses. Xandr provides marketers with innovative and relevant advertising solutions for consumers around premium video content and digital advertising through its AppNexus platform. AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. Additional information is available at about.att.com. 2019 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. Ball Corporation Ball Corporation supplies innovative, sustainable packaging solutions for beverage, personal care and household products customers, as well as aerospace and other technologies and services primarily for the U.S. government. Ball Corporation and its subsidiaries employ 17,500 people worldwide and reported 2018 net sales of $11.6 billion. For more information about Ball, visit www.ball.com, or connect with us on Facebook or Twitter. Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking StatementsThis document includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by terms and phrases such as "anticipate," "believe," "intend," "estimate," "expect," "continue," "should," "could," "may," "plan," "project," "predict," "will," "potential," "forecast," "target," "outlook," "guidance," and similar expressions. Various factors may cause actual results to be materially different than the suggested outcomes within forward-looking statements; accordingly, there is no assurance that such results will be realized. These risks and uncertainties are identified and discussed in Duke Energy's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and subsequent quarterly reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than Duke Energy has described. Duke Energy expressly disclaims an obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Contact: Jennifer GarberOffice: 980.373.0668 | 24-Hour: 800.559.3853 SOURCE Duke Energy Related Links http://www.duke-energy.com

Victory Capital Announces New Share Repurchase Authorization SAN ANTONIO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: VCTR) ( Victory Capital or the Company ) today announced that its Board of Directors has approved a new common stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $15 million of its Class A Common Stock through December 31, 2021. Generating strong free cash flow underpins our ability to return capital to shareholders, through steady share repurchases and a modest cash dividend, while continuing to invest in the business and reduce debt, said David Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The vast majority of our excess cash flow remains allocated to lowering debt to support strategic growth opportunities. The Company s current $15 million stock repurchase authorization, initiated in September 2019, has been largely completed. Under the new program, which will commence immediately upon completion of the current program, the Company may purchase its shares from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The amount and timing of the purchases will depend on a number of factors including the price and availability of the Company's shares, trading volume, capital availability, Company performance and general economic and market conditions. The share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. About Victory Capital Victory Capital is a diversified global asset management firm with $131.8 billion in assets under management as of April 30, 2020. The Company operates a next-generation business model combining boutique investment qualities with the benefits of a fully integrated, centralized operating and distribution platform. Victory Capital provides specialized investment strategies to institutions, intermediaries, retirement platforms and individual investors. With nine autonomous Investment Franchises and a Solutions Platform, Victory Capital offers a wide array of investment styles and investment vehicles including, actively managed mutual funds, separately managed accounts, rules-based and active ETFs, multi-asset class strategies, custom-designed solutions and a 529 College Savings Plan. For more information, please visit www.vcm.com or follow us: Twitter and LinkedIn

Granite Awarded $32 Million Bridge Replacement Contract in California WATSONVILLE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Granite (NYSE:GVA) announced today that it has been awarded a $32 million bridge replacement contract by the City of Bakersfield for the Belle Terrace Operational Improvements project in Bakersfield, California. The contract will be included in Granite s third quarter 2018 backlog. Scope of work includes general improvements on State Route (SR) 99, the Belle Terrace Overcrossing, the northbound SR-99/eastbound SR-58 Connector, and local roads. The improvements on SR 99 include the construction of over 3,000 lineal feet of retaining wall as well as an additional auxiliary lane. The Belle Terrace Operational Improvements is phase 2 of the Centennial Corridor Project, which will provide route continuity and traffic congestion relief for SR 58 from Cottonwood Road to Interstate 5. Construction is scheduled to begin in October 2018 and be complete in April 2020. For more information visit the Centennial Corridor project website. About Granite Through its offices and subsidiaries nationwide, Granite Construction Incorporated (NYSE: GVA) is a full-suite provider in the transportation, water infrastructure and mineral exploration markets. Granite, America s Infrastructure Company, is an award-winning firm in safety, quality and environmental stewardship, and has been honored as one of the World s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Institute for nine consecutive years. Granite is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is part of the S&P MidCap 400 Index, the MSCI KLD 400 Social Index and the Russell 2000 Index. For more information, visit graniteconstruction.com.

General Dynamics Mission Systems Awarded $883 Million Contract to Modernize U.S. Army Training Programs General Dynamics will leverage proven experience and innovative leadership to improve the responsiveness, quality, and maturity of the Army's Live Training Transformation Product Line. FAIRFAX, Va., Feb. 11, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- General Dynamics Mission Systems announced today it was awarded a contract for the Army Consolidated Product Line Management Plus (CPM Plus) Program from the Army Contracting Command in Orlando, Florida. CPM Plus is an eight year, single-award, indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity, cost-plus fixed-fee/firm-fixed price contract with a ceiling of $883 million. General Dynamics Mission Systems was awarded a $883 million contract to modernize U.S. Army training programs. (DOD photo) Executing the contract will improve the Army's individual and collective expeditionary training systems at unit home stations and the major Combat Training Centers, including Military Operations on Urban Terrain training sites, live fire and digital ranges and additional training facilities located worldwide. "Modernizing the training experience is one of the Army's six modernization priorities," said Chris Brady, president of General Dynamics Mission Systems. "This award increases the viability, relevancy, and alignment of the Army's current live training systems while bridging to the future Synthetic Training Environment that will be delivered to soldiers worldwide." General Dynamics will focus primarily on the extensive Live Training Transformation (LT2) Product Line, the Common Training Instrumentation Architecture, and the Live Training Engagement Composition for the Project Manager for Soldier Training portfolio within the Program Executive Office for Simulation, Training and Instrumentation. The operational focus will be implemented through an agile, capabilities-based organization to evolve the LT2 Family of Training Systems. The intent is to reduce total ownership cost and operational complexity, to increase technology agility and concurrency, and to enable enhanced Soldier training effectiveness. General Dynamics' expanded seamless Product Line Engineering approach will build upon the Project Manager for Soldier Training's investments to extend product line governance, processes and tools supporting new training domains such as Virtual Training Systems and the Synthetic Training Environment.CPM Plus is a follow-on contract to CPM Next, which was awarded to General Dynamics in 2015.General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics (NYSE: GD). More information about General Dynamics Mission Systems is available at gdmissionsystems.com. SOURCE General Dynamics Mission Systems Related Links https://www.gd.com

AZZ Inc. Announces Contract Awards for Underground Ultra High Voltage 1100kV Gas Insulated Line in The People's Republic of China AZZ to provide 1100kV GIL for Cross Yangtze River Sutong Underground Tunnel Project FORT WORTH, Texas, June 29, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- AZZ Inc. (NYSE:AZZ), a global provider of metal coating services, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and highly engineered services, today announced that it was awarded contracts from SDEE Hitachi High Voltage Switchgear and Pinggao Group Company Limited to produce approximately 7,431 meters of Ultra High Voltage 1100KV Gas Insulated Line for the Cross Yangtze River Sutong Underground Tunnel Project. This project has the highest voltage level, and largest transmission capacity in the world. Under the terms of the contracts, AZZ will provide 7,431 meters of GIL to be installed in a tunnel running under the Yangtze River, at the greatest depth and highest water pressure for a tunnel in China. The total value of both contract awards is estimated to be valued at greater than $40 million USD and delivery is scheduled to begin late 2018. Ken Lavelle, President of AZZ Electrical Systems, commented, "We are extremely proud to have been chosen as a partner to deliver the ultra-high voltage bus system for this critical power application in the Yangtze River Delta Region, a large economic hub of the People's Republic of China. AZZ has a proven and successful track record in delivering innovative solutions and services for critical high voltage bus systems. We believe this application is the first of its kind in the world and a significant step in the development of gas insulated line technology." About Pinggao Group Co., Ltd Pinggao Group Co., Ltd ("PG") is a wholly-owned subsidiary corporation of China Electric Power Equipment and Technology Co., Ltd., located in Pingdingshan City, Henan Province, China. PG, firstly named as Pingdingshan High Voltage Switchgear Factory established in 1970, is the largest base of researching, developing and manufacturing high voltage, extra-high voltage and ultra-high voltage switchgears in China, also is the important technical equipment pillar enterprise in the state electrical industry. It is the first hi-tech company of high voltage switchgear industry certificated by Chinese Academy of Sciences and Ministry of Science; Technology and has been listed among Chinese top 10 electrical corporations. PG at present employs a staff of 7,695, among which more than 800 are engineers. About SDEE Hitachi High Voltage Switchgear SDEE Hitachi High-Voltage Switchgear Co., Ltd. is a Sino-Japanese joint venture company located in China's Shandong province with major shares held by SDEE, a subsidiary of State Grid Corporation of China. The company provides Ultra High Voltage GIS, and many other types of GIS, with capacities ranging from 110KV to 1,100KV. About AZZ Inc. AZZ Inc. is a global provider of metal coating services, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and highly engineered services to the markets of power generation, transmission, distribution and industrial in protecting metal and electrical systems used to build and enhance the world's infrastructure. AZZ Metal Coatings is a leading provider of metal finishing solutions for corrosion protection, including hot dip galvanizing to the North American steel fabrication industry. AZZ Energy is dedicated to delivering safe and reliable transmission of power from generation sources to end customers, and automated weld overlay solutions for corrosion and erosion mitigation to critical infrastructure in the energy markets worldwide. Safe Harbor Statement Certain statements herein about our expectations of future events or results constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as, "may," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," "continue," or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Such forward-looking statements are based on currently available competitive, financial and economic data and management's views and assumptions regarding future events. Such forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and investors must recognize that actual results may differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. This release may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, changes in customer demand and response to products and services offered by AZZ, including demand by the power generation markets, electrical transmission and distribution markets, the industrial markets, and the metal coatings markets; prices and raw material cost, including zinc and natural gas which are used in the hot dip galvanizing process; changes in the political stability and economic conditions of the various markets that AZZ serves, foreign and domestic, customer requested delays of shipments, acquisition opportunities, currency exchange rates, adequacy of financing, and availability of experienced management and employees to implement AZZ's growth strategy. AZZ has provided additional information regarding risks associated with the business in AZZ's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2018 and other filings with the SEC, available for viewing on AZZ's website at www.azz.com and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. You are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements herein and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. These statements are based on information as of the date hereof and AZZ assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact: Paul Fehlman, Senior Vice President Finance and CFOAZZ Inc. 817-810-0095 Internet: www.azz.com Lytham Partners 602-889-9700Joe Dorame, Robert Blum or Joe DiazInternet: www.lythampartners.com SOURCE AZZ Inc. Related Links http://www.azz.com

Aemetis to Review Second Quarter Financial Results on August 13, 2020 CUPERTINO, CA, Aug. 10, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- via NEWMEDIAWIRE Aemetis, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMTX) announced that the company will host a conference call to review the release of its second quarter 2020 earnings report: Date: Thursday, August 13, 2020 Time: 11 am Pacific Standard Time (PST) Live Participant Dial In (Toll Free): +1-844-602-0380 Live Participant Dial In (International): +1-862-298-0970 Webcast URL: https://www.webcaster4.com/Webcast/Page/2211/36421 Attendees may submit questions during the Q&A portion of the conference call. After August 13th, the webcast will be available on the Company s website (www.aemetis.com) under Investors/Conference Calls. The voice recording will also be available through August 20, 2020 by dialing (Toll Free) 877-481-4010 or (International) 919-882-2331 and entering conference ID number 36421. About Aemetis Headquartered in Cupertino, California, Aemetis is an advanced renewable fuels and biochemicals company focused on the acquisition, development and commercialization of innovative technologies that replace traditional petroleum-based products by the conversion of ethanol and biodiesel plants into advanced biorefineries. Founded in 2006, Aemetis owns and operates a 65 million gallon per year ethanol production facility in California s Central Valley near Modesto. Aemetis also owns and operates a 50 million gallon per year renewable chemical and advanced fuel production facility on the East Coast of India producing high quality distilled biodiesel and refined glycerin for customers in India and Europe. Aemetis is building a biogas anaerobic digester network and pipeline to convert dairy animal waste gas to Renewable Natural Gas (RNG), and is developing a plant to convert waste orchard wood into cellulosic ethanol. Aemetis holds a portfolio of patents and related technology licenses for the production of renewable fuels and biochemicals. For additional information about Aemetis, please visit www.aemetis.com. External Investor Relations Contact: Kirin Smith PCG Advisory Group (646) 863-6519 ksmith@pcgadvisory.com Investor Relations/ Media Contact: Todd Waltz (408) 213-0940 investors@aemetis.com

STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program Paris Stock Exchange:STM PR N C2951C STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares Period from Mar 30, 2020 to Apr 03, 2020 AMSTERDAM April 6, 2020 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the Company or STMicroelectronics ), a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications, announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the Program ) disclosed via a press release dated November 5, 2018. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 31, 2018 and by the supervisory board. STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) (Ticker: STM ) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris, in the period between March 30, 2020 to April 03, 2020 (the Period ), of 970,242 ordinary shares (equal to 0.1% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 19.0148 and for an overall price of EUR 18,448,970.07. Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STM (ISIN: NL0000226223), in detailed form. Transactions in Period Dates of transaction Number of share purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) Mar 30, 2020 198,799 19.1332 3,803,661.03 XPAR Mar 31, 2020 194,749 19.7454 3,845,396.90 XPAR Apr 01, 2020 192,612 19.2632 3,710,323.48 XPAR Apr 02, 2020 191,873 18.7116 3,590,250.83 XPAR Apr 03, 2020 192,209 18.2059 3,499,337.83 XPAR Total for Period 970,242 19.0148 18,448,970.07 Following the share buybacks detailed above, the Company holds in total 22,902,671 treasury shares, which represents approximately 2.5% of the Company s issued share capital. In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052, a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/buyback-program). About STMicroelectronics ST is a global semiconductor leader delivering intelligent and energy-efficient products and solutions that power the electronics at the heart of everyday life. ST s products are found everywhere today, and together with our customers, we are enabling smarter driving and smarter factories, cities and homes, along with the next generation of mobile and Internet of Things devices. By getting more from technology to get more from life, ST stands for life.augmented. In 2019, the Company s net revenues were $9.56 billion, serving more than 100,000 customers worldwide. Further information can be found at www.st.com. For further information, please contact: INVESTOR RELATIONS: C line Berthier Group VP, Investor Relations Tel : +41.22.929.58.12 celine.berthier@st.com MEDIA RELATIONS: Alexis Breton Corporate External Communications Tel: + 33 6 59 16 79 08 alexis.breton@st.com Attachment

Visa To Acquire Plaid SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Plaid, a network that makes it easy for people to securely connect their financial accounts to the apps they use to manage their financial lives. Visa will pay total purchase consideration of $5.3 billion to acquire Plaid. Plaid s products enable consumers to conveniently share their financial information with thousands of apps and services such as Acorns, Betterment, Chime, Transferwise and Venmo. Consumers rely on these apps and services to help plan their spending, increase their savings and monitor their investments. For example, when a user sets up a Venmo account, it is Plaid that enables the user to link their bank account to their Venmo account. Connectivity between financial institutions and developers has become increasingly important to facilitate consumers ability to use fintech applications. 75 percent of the world's internet-enabled consumers used a fintech application to initiate money movement in 2019 versus 18 percent in 20151. Plaid has been a leader in enabling this connectivity at scale. Today, one in four people with a U.S. bank account have used Plaid to connect to more than 2,600 fintech developers across more than 11,000 financial institutions. We are extremely excited about our acquisition of Plaid and how it enhances the growth trajectory of our business, said Al Kelly, CEO and chairman of Visa. Plaid is a leader in the fast growing fintech world with best-in-class capabilities and talent. The acquisition, combined with our many fintech efforts already underway, will position Visa to deliver even more value for developers, financial institutions and consumers. Plaid s mission is to make money easier for everyone, and we are excited for this opportunity to continue delivering on that promise at a global scale, said Zach Perret, CEO and co-founder of Plaid. Visa is trusted by billions of consumers, businesses and financial institutions as a key part of the financial ecosystem, and together Visa and Plaid can support the rapid growth of digital financial services. Visa s acquisition of Plaid represents both an entry into new businesses and complementary enhancements to Visa s existing business. First, Plaid s fintech-centric business opens new market opportunities for Visa both in the U.S. and internationally. Second, the combination of Visa and Plaid provides the opportunity to deliver enhanced payment capabilities and related value-added services to fintech developers. Finally, the acquisition will enable Visa to work more closely with fintechs through all stages of their development and drive growth in Visa s core business. This acquisition is the natural evolution of Visa's 60-year journey from safely and securely connecting buyers and sellers to connecting consumers with digital financial services, said Kelly. The combination of Visa and Plaid will put us at the epicenter of the fintech world, expanding our total addressable market and accelerating our long-term revenue growth trajectory. Once closed, the combination of Visa and Plaid is expected to provide significant benefits to developers, financial institutions and consumers. We have strong relationships with both Visa and Plaid. The combination of Plaid s capabilities with the security and scale of Visa s global network will provide us with exciting opportunities to enhance our products, said Dan Schulman, president and CEO, PayPal. We believe Visa s acquisition of Plaid is an important development in giving consumers more security and control over how their financial data is used. Protecting customer data and helping them share that information safely has long been a top priority for Chase. We look forward to partnering with Visa to continue building a great experience for our shared customers, said Gordon Smith, co-president, JPMorgan Chase and CEO of Consumer and Community Banking. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Visa will fund the transaction from cash on hand and debt issuance at the appropriate time. This transaction will have no impact on Visa s previously announced stock buyback program or dividend policy. The transaction is expected to close in the next three to six months. Webcast and Conference Call Information Visa s executive management team will host a live audio webcast beginning at 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time (2:30 p.m. Pacific Time) today to discuss the announcement. All interested parties are invited to listen to the live webcast at http://investor.visa.com. A replay of the webcast will be available for 30 days. Investor information, including supplemental financial information, is also available at http://investor.visa.com. About Visa Inc. Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) is the world s leader in digital payments. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, reliable and secure payment network - enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive. Our advanced global processing network, VisaNet, provides secure and reliable payments around the world, and is capable of handling more than 65,000 transaction messages a second. The company s relentless focus on innovation is a catalyst for the rapid growth of digital commerce on any device, for everyone, everywhere. As the world moves from analog to digital, Visa is applying our brand, products, people, network and scale to reshape the future of commerce. For more information, visit About Visa, visa.com/blog and @VisaNews. About Plaid Plaid is a data network that powers the fintech tools millions of consumers rely on to live healthier financial lives. Plaid is used by thousands of digital financial apps and services like Acorns, Betterment, Expensify, and Venmo, and by many of the largest banks to make it easy for consumers to connect their financial accounts with the apps and services they want to use. Plaid connects with over 11,000 financial institutions across the U.S, Canada and Europe. The company was founded in 2013 by Zach Perret and William Hockey and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA. Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are identified by words such as will, is expected, and other similar expressions. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make regarding the timing and likelihood of closing, Plaid s future success, the impact of the acquisition on Visa s growth, and the other benefits to Visa, developers, financial institutions and consumers. By their nature, forward-looking statements: (i) speak only as of the date they are made; (ii) are not statements of historical fact or guarantees of future performance; and (iii) are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions or changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict or quantify. Therefore, actual results could differ materially and adversely from Visa s forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including the timing and outcome of the regulatory approval process, shifts in the regulatory and competitive landscape, Plaid's maintenance of relationships with sources of data, cyber incidents, the pace and success of integration, Plaid s success in international expansion, and various other factors, including those contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, and our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. You should not place undue reliance on such statements. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 1 Source: https://www.ey.com/en_us/ey-global-fintech-adoption-index

Safeguard Scientifics Partner Company Propeller Health To Be Acquired For $225 Million By ResMed Safeguard expects to realize $41.4 million in cash proceeds, representing an approximate 3x cash on cash return and 34% IRR RADNOR, Pa., Dec. 3, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. (NYSE:SFE) (Safeguard or the Company) today announced that its partner company, Propeller Health, signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by ResMed (NYSE:RMD) (ASX:RMD) for $225 million in cash. The transaction is expected to close by end of March 2019, pending satisfactory completion of customary closing conditions and regulatory approval. Safeguard expects to receive cash proceeds of $41.4 million, which excludes an amount of additional proceeds to be held in escrow, representing an approximate 3x cash-on-cash return and 34% IRR. Safeguard deployed $14.3 million in Propeller since August 2014 and has a 20% primary ownership position. "At Safeguard, we were early believers that digital technology would reshape healthcare," said Gary J. Kurtzman, MD, Managing Director at Safeguard and Board Member at Propeller Health. "This acquisition is not only a validation of that belief, but it is significant as it demonstrates that digital therapeutics have entered the mainstream of patient care. We are proud to have been a part of the Propeller journey and excited for the exceptional team as they extend and expand the platform as part of ResMed." "Safeguard continues to make steady progress in our ongoing efforts to support the growth of and monetize our portfolio of partner companies," said Brian J. Sisko, Safeguard President and CEO. "Following the close of the transaction, Safeguard will have received over $120 million in cash proceeds related to monetizations of our partner company interests since our announced strategy change in January 2018." Mr. Sisko re-iterated that, "the Safeguard team remains committed to supporting our maturing portfolio, maximizing the overall value of our partner company holdings and monetizing such holdings, in both traditional and non-traditional ways, as opportunities arise." About Propeller Health Propeller Health is a leading digital therapeutics company dedicated to the development and commercialization of measurably better medicines. Propeller creates products to more effectively treat chronic respiratory disease and improve clinical outcomes for patients through connectivity, analytics, and companion digital experiences. The Propeller platform is used by patients, physicians and healthcare organizations in the United States, Europe and Asia. For more information, visit www.propellerhealth.com. About Safeguard Scientifics Historically, Safeguard Scientifics (NYSE:SFE) has provided capital and relevant expertise to fuel the growth of technology-driven businesses. Safeguard has a distinguished track record of fostering innovation and building market leaders that spans more than six decades. For more information, please visit www.safeguard.com. Forward-looking StatementsExcept for the historical information and discussions contained herein, statements contained in this release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding Safeguard's initiatives taken or contemplated to enhance and unlock value for all of its stockholders, Safeguard's efforts to execute on and implement its strategy to streamline its organizational structure, reduce its operating costs, pursue monetization opportunities for partner companies and maximize the net proceeds distributable to its shareholders, Safeguard's ability to create, unlock, enhance and maximize shareholder value, Safeguard's ability to have a smooth transition to a new management team, the timing of Safeguard's management succession plan and its effect on driving increased organizational effectiveness and efficiencies, the ability of the new management team to execute Safeguard's strategy, the availability of, the timing of, and the proceeds that may ultimately be derived from the monetization of partner companies, Safeguard's projections regarding the reduction in its ongoing operating expenses, Safeguard's projections regarding annualized operating expenses and expected severance expenses, monetization opportunities for partner company interests, and the amount of net proceeds from the monetization of partner company interests that are ultimately distributable to Safeguard shareholders after satisfying Safeguard's debt obligations and working capital needs and the timing of such distributions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future operational or financial performance and are based on current expectations that involve a number of uncertainties, risks and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and/or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially include, among others, our ability to make good decisions about the monetization of our partner companies for maximum value or at all and distributions to our shareholders, our ability to successfully execute on our strategy to streamline our organizational structure and align our cost structure to increase shareholder value, whether our strategy will better position us to focus our resources on the highest-return opportunities and deliver enhanced shareholder value, the ongoing support of our existing partner companies, the fact that our partner companies may vary from period to period, challenges to achieving liquidity from our partner company holdings, fluctuations in the market prices of our publicly traded partner company holdings, competition, our inability to obtain maximum value for our partner company holdings, our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, market valuations in sectors in which our partner companies operate, our inability to control our partner companies, our need to manage our assets to avoid registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, risks, disruption, costs and uncertainty caused by or related to the actions of activist shareholders, including that if individuals are elected to our Board with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and create value for our shareholders and perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of potential changes to the composition of our Board may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business, instability or a lack of continuity that may adversely affect our business, and risks associated with our partner companies, including the fact that most of our partner companies have a limited operating history and a history of operating losses, face intense competition and may never be profitable, the effect of economic conditions in the business sectors in which Safeguard's partner companies operate, and other uncertainties described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Many of these factors are beyond the Company's ability to predict or control. As a result of these and other factors, the Company's past operational and financial performance should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements or other information contained in this press release. SAFEGUARD CONTACT: John E. Shave III, IRCSenior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications(610) 975-4952[email protected] SOURCE Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. Related Links http://www.safeguard.com

NVR, Inc. Announces Share Repurchase RESTON, Va., Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- NVR, Inc. (NYSE: NVR) announced today that its Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of $300 million of its outstanding common stock. The purchases will occur from time to time in the open market and/or in privately negotiated transactions as market conditions permit. The Company indicated that the authorization is a continuation of the stock repurchase program that began in 1994 and is consistent with NVR's strategy of maximizing shareholder value. Consistent with prior authorizations, this new authorization prohibits the Company from purchasing shares from the Company's officers, directors, Profit Sharing/401(k) Plan Trust or Employee Stock Ownership Plan Trust. As of November 5, 2019, NVR had 3,678,380 total shares of common stock outstanding. About NVR NVR, Inc. operates in two business segments: homebuilding and mortgage banking. The homebuilding segment sells and builds homes under the Ryan Homes, NVHomes and Heartland Homes trade names, and operates in thirty-two metropolitan areas in fourteen states and Washington, D.C. For more information about NVR, Inc. and its brands, see www.nvrinc.com, www.ryanhomes.com, www.nvhomes.com and www.heartlandluxuryhomes.com. SOURCE NVR, Inc.

Morien Announces Suspension of Quarterly Dividend HALIFAX, Nova Scotia, April 08, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Morien Resources Corp. ("Morien" or the "Company") (TSXV:MOX), announced today that with the recent placement of the Donkin Mine on care and maintenance, its Board of Directors (the Board ) has made the decision to suspend the Company s quarterly dividend until further notice. Notwithstanding that it has a strong balance sheet, Morien s Board and management believe that it is prudent to maximize financial flexibility and the dividend suspension is in the best interest of all of the Company s stakeholders. The Company will also continue to pursue cost saving initiatives. When the future of the Donkin Mine is better understood, the Board will re-assess the payment of a dividend. For more information on the idling of the Donkin Mine, please click here for a news release issued by Morien on April 2, 2020. Dawson Brisco (CEO and President) and John Budreski (Executive Chairman) would be pleased to answer any questions that investors might have by way of emails or at the phone numbers listed below. About Morien Morien is a Canadian based, dividend paying, mining development company that holds royalty interests in two tidewater accessed projects. Before going on care and maintenance, the Donkin Coal Mine commenced production in 2017 and the Black Point Aggregate Project is progressing toward a development decision. Morien s management team exercises ruthless discipline in managing both the assets and liabilities of the Company. The Company s management and its Board of Directors consider shareholder returns to be paramount over corporate size, number or scale of assets and industry recognition. Subsequent to Morien s Normal Course Issuer Bid purchases in March 2020, the Company has 52,419,114 issued and outstanding common shares and a fully diluted position of 55,149,114. Further information is available at www.MorienRes.com. Forward-Looking Statements Some of the statements in this news release may constitute "forward-looking information" as defined under applicable securities laws. These statements reflect Morien's current expectations of future revenues and business prospects and opportunities and are based on information currently available to Morien. Morien cautions that actual performance will be affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond its control, and that future events and results may vary substantially from what Morien currently foresees. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties described in Morien s annual information form filed with the Canadian Securities regulators on SEDAR ( www.sedar.com ) on April 26, 2016. Morien cautions that its royalty revenue will be based on production by third party property owners and operators who will be responsible for determining the manner and timing for the properties forming part of Morien s royalty portfolio. These third party owners and operators are also subject to risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted herein including: volatility in financial markets or general economic conditions; capital requirements and the need for additional financing; fluctuations in the rates of exchange for the currencies of Canada and the United States; prices for commodities including coal and aggregate; unanticipated changes in production, mineral reserves and mineral resources, metallurgical recoveries and/or exploration results; changes in regulations and unpredictable political or economic developments; loss of key personnel; labour disputes; and ineffective title to mineral claims or property. There are other business risks and hazards associated with mineral exploration, development and mining. Although Morien believes that the forward-looking information contained herein is based on reasonable assumptions (including assumptions relating to economic, market and political conditions, the Company s working capital requirements and the accuracy of information supplied by the operators of the properties in which the Company has a royalty interest), readers cannot be assured that actual results will be consistent with such statements. Morien expressly disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information in this news release, whether as a result of new information, events or otherwise, except in accordance with applicable securities laws. All dollar values discussed herein are in Canadian dollars. Any financial outlook or future-oriented financial information in this news release, as defined by applicable securities laws, has been approved by management of Morien as of the date of this news release. Such financial outlook or future-oriented financial information is provided for the purpose of providing information about management's current expectations and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such outlook or information should not be used for purposes other than for which it is disclosed in this news release. Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

Diana Shipping Inc. Announces Time Charter Contract for m/v Los Angeles With Engelhart CTP ATHENS, Greece, June 11, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Diana Shipping Inc. (NYSE: DSX), (the Company ), a global shipping company specializing in the ownership of dry bulk vessels, today announced that, through a separate wholly-owned subsidiary, it has entered into a time charter contract with Engelhart CTP Freight (Switzerland) SA, for one of its Newcastlemax dry bulk vessels, the m/v Los Angeles. The gross charter rate is US$14,250 per day, minus a 5% commission paid to third parties, for a period until minimum October 1, 2021 up to maximum December 31, 2021. The charter commenced on June 6, 2020. The m/v Los Angeles was chartered, as previously announced, to SwissMarine Services S.A., Geneva, at a gross charter rate of US$13,250 per day, minus a 5% commission paid to third parties. The Los Angeles is a 206,104 dwt Newcastlemax dry bulk vessel built in 2012. This employment is anticipated to generate approximately US$6.77 million of gross revenue for the minimum scheduled period of the time charter. Diana Shipping Inc. s fleet currently consists of 41 dry bulk vessels (4 Newcastlemax, 13 Capesize, 5 Post-Panamax, 5 Kamsarmax and 14 Panamax). As of today, the combined carrying capacity of the Company s fleet is approximately 5.1 million dwt with a weighted average age of 9.73 years. A table describing the current Diana Shipping Inc. fleet can be found on the Company s website, www.dianashippinginc.com. Information contained on the Company s website does not constitute a part of this press release. About the Company Diana Shipping Inc. is a global provider of shipping transportation services through its ownership of dry bulk vessels. The Company s vessels are employed primarily on medium to long-term time charters and transport a range of dry bulk cargoes, including such commodities as iron ore, coal, grain and other materials along worldwide shipping routes. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words believe, anticipate, intends, estimate, forecast, project, plan, potential, may, should, expect, pending and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, Company management s examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company s records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies that are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company s control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections. In addition to these important factors, other important factors that, in the Company s view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, including impacts of the pandemic and of businesses and governments responses to the pandemic on our operations, personnel, and on the demand for seaborne transportation of bulk products; the strength of world economies and currencies, general market conditions, including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values, changes in demand for dry bulk shipping capacity, changes in the Company s operating expenses, including bunker prices, drydocking and insurance costs, the market for the Company s vessels, availability of financing and refinancing, changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities, potential liability from pending or future litigation, general domestic and international political conditions, potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events, vessel breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see the Company s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Corporate Contact: Ioannis Zafirakis Director, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, Treasurer and Secretary Telephone: + 30-210-9470-100 Email: Website: www.dianashippinginc.com Investor and Media Relations: Edward Nebb Comm-Counsellors, LLC Telephone: + 1-203-972-8350 Email:

PulteGroup Announces $500 Million Increase to Share Repurchase Plan ATLANTA, Jan. 30, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- PulteGroup, Inc. (NYSE:PHM) announced today that the Company s Board of Directors has approved a $500 million increase to its share repurchase plan. As of December 31, 2017, the Company had $94 million of authorization remaining in its share repurchase plan. Since reestablishing our share repurchase program in 2013, we have returned over $2.3 billion to shareholders through our share repurchases, said Ryan Marshall, President and CEO of PulteGroup. This return of capital is consistent with our stated allocation priorities which are to invest in our business, pay our dividend and return excess capital to shareholders. Over the past five years, we have realized significant gains in profitability, cash flows and returns, added Marshall. Given the strength of our operating and financial platform heading into 2018, along with expectations for a continued recovery in housing demand, our Board felt confident authorizing the $500 million increase to our plan. The Company expects that share repurchases will be made from time to time in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other relevant factors. Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes "forward-looking statements." These statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance, prospects or opportunities, as well as those of the markets we serve or intend to serve, to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these statements. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate to matters of a strictly factual or historical nature and generally discuss or relate to forecasts, estimates or other expectations regarding future events. Generally, the words believe, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, plan, project, may, can, could, might, "should", will and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, including statements related to the impairment charge with respect to certain land parcels and the impacts or effects thereof, expected operating and performing results, planned transactions, planned objectives of management, future developments or conditions in the industries in which we participate and other trends, developments and uncertainties that may affect our business in the future. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, among other things: interest rate changes and the availability of mortgage financing; competition within the industries in which we operate; the availability and cost of land and other raw materials used by us in our homebuilding operations; the impact of any changes to our strategy in responding to the cyclical nature of the industry, including any changes regarding our land positions and the levels of our land spend; the availability and cost of insurance covering risks associated with our businesses; shortages and the cost of labor; weather related slowdowns; slow growth initiatives and/or local building moratoria; governmental regulation directed at or affecting the housing market, the homebuilding industry or construction activities; uncertainty in the mortgage lending industry, including revisions to underwriting standards and repurchase requirements associated with the sale of mortgage loans; the interpretation of or changes to tax, labor and environmental laws, including, but not limited to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act which could have a greater impact on our effective tax rate or the value of our deferred tax assets than we anticipate; economic changes nationally or in our local markets, including inflation, deflation, changes in consumer confidence and preferences and the state of the market for homes in general; legal or regulatory proceedings or claims; our ability to generate sufficient cash flow in order to successfully implement our capital allocation priorities; required accounting changes; terrorist acts and other acts of war; and other factors of national, regional and global scale, including those of a political, economic, business and competitive nature. See PulteGroup's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") for a further discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties applicable to our businesses. PulteGroup undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or changes in PulteGroup's expectations. About PulteGroup PulteGroup, Inc. (NYSE:PHM), based in Atlanta, Georgia, is one of America's largest homebuilding companies with operations in approximately 50 markets throughout the country. Through its brand portfolio that includes Centex, Pulte Homes, Del Webb, DiVosta Homes and John Wieland Homes and Neighborhoods, the Company is one of the industry's most versatile homebuilders able to meet the needs of multiple buyer groups and respond to changing consumer demand. PulteGroup conducts extensive research to provide homebuyers with innovative solutions and consumer inspired homes and communities to make lives better. For more information about PulteGroup, Inc. and PulteGroup brands, go to www.pultegroupinc.com; www.pulte.com; www.centex.com; www.delwebb.com; www.divosta.com and www.jwhomes.com.

Global Blockchain Announces 2-for-1 Stock Split VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Feb. 22, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Global Blockchain Technologies Corp. (the Company or GBT ) is pleased to announce that its Board of Directors has approved a stock split whereby each issued and outstanding common share will effectively be split into two (2) common shares. On March 7, 2018 (the Mailing Date ), the distribution of the additional common shares as a result of the split will take place. One (1) additional common share will be issued for every one (1) existing common share held by shareholders as at the close of business on the record date of March 1, 2018 (the Record Date ). The Company s common shares are expected to begin trading on a split-adjusted basis on March 1, 2018 and on a post-split basis on March 5, 2018 (the Effective Date ). In accordance with the Company s Articles, shareholder approval was not required for the stock split. The Company will not be changing its name, Cusip or its current trading symbol in connection with the stock split. The number of authorized shares of common stock and the par value per share will remain unchanged. Management of the Company believes that the stock split will make the stock more attractive to a larger portion of the investing community. On behalf of: GLOBAL BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGIES CORP. Theo van der Linde Theo van der Linde, director & CFO Phone: 604-687-2038 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information This news release contains forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Generally, any statements that are not historical facts may contain forward-looking information, and forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as plans , expects or does not expect , is expected , budget , scheduled , estimates , forecasts , intends , anticipates or does not anticipate , or believes , or variations of such words and phrases or indicates that certain actions, events or results may , could , would , might or will be taken, occur or be achieved . Forward-looking information includes, but is not limited to the Company s goal of streamlining the current arduous, lengthy and complicated process that interested investors need to undergo in order to gain exposure to the cryptocurrency space with a view to becoming the first vertically integrated originator and manager of top-tier blockchains and digital currencies. The Company has no assets and its business plan is purely conceptual in nature and there is no assurance that it will be implemented as set out herein, or at all. Forward-looking information is based on certain factors and assumptions the Company believes to be reasonable at the time such statements are made, including but not limited to: statements and expectations regarding the ability of the Company to (i) successfully engage senior management with appropriate industry experience and expertise, (ii) gain access to and acquire a basket of cryptocurrency assets and pre-ICO and ICO financings on favourable terms or at all, (iii) successfully create its own tokens and ICO s, and (iv) execute on future M&A opportunities in the cryptocurrency space; receipt of required regulatory approvals; the availability of necessary financing; permitting and such other assumptions and factors as set out herein. Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information, including but not limited to: risks related to changes in cryptocurrency prices; the estimation of personnel and operating costs; general global markets and economic conditions; risks associated with uninsurable risks; risks associated with currency fluctuations; competition faced in securing experienced personnel with appropriate industry experience and expertise; risks associated with changes in the financial auditing and corporate governance standards applicable to cryptocurrencies and ICO s; risks related to potential conflicts of interest; the reliance on key personnel; financing, capitalization and liquidity risks including the risk that the financing necessary to fund continued development of the Company s business plan may not be available on satisfactory terms, or at all; the risk of potential dilution through the issuance of additional common shares of the Company; the risk of litigation. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information set out in this presentation, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such forward-looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are made based on management's beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date that statements are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change, except as required by laws. Investors are cautioned against attributing undue certainty to forward-looking statements. Neither the CSE nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the CSE) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

SPX FLOW Reports Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Quarterly Results Reflect Productivity Efforts, Improved Operating Execution and Strict Cost Controls Q2 results demonstrate margin resiliency despite significant revenue headwinds Gross margins of 36.8% up 290 points year over year Adjusted EBITDA* from continuing operations of $32.7 million, or 10.6% of revenue Net leverage at 0.2x; executing capital allocation plan; liquidity >$1.1 billion Announced redemption of 5.625% Senior Notes due 2024 with a principal balance of $300 million following the close of the quarter CHARLOTTE, N.C., July 29, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- SPX FLOW, Inc. (NYSE: FLOW), a leading provider of process solutions, today reported results for the quarter ended June 27, 2020. "Our second quarter results demonstrate our nimble operating structure, which led to an effective and resilient response to the continued COVID-19 market environment. Revenues and orders were better than our expectations. The stronger than anticipated revenues combined with productivity efforts, improved operating execution and strict cost controls led to an impressive operating performance during the quarter. The company recorded all-time high gross margins of 37% in one of the most difficult demand quarters in its history," said Marc Michael, President and Chief Executive Officer. "As we navigate through this historic time, our guiding principles remain consistent. We will continue to ensure a safe and healthy work environment, support our customers with high performance, maintain financial strength and execute our strategy. Consistent with our plans following the sale of the Power and Energy business, on July 16 we issued irrevocable notice of the redemption of our 5.625% Senior Notes due 2024 with an outstanding principal balance of $300 million dollars. Additionally, we deployed $6.2 million dollars towards share repurchases in the quarter. These actions, coupled with the cash generation power of our business, leave ample liquidity to pursue our long-term capital deployment priorities supporting growth, expanding margins and returning excess cash to shareholders." "Based on our performance in the quarter and our updated end market view, we are modifying our working assumptions for the full year. We now expect full year 2020 organic orders to decline (10%) to (20%) versus our prior expectation for a decline in the range of (15%) to (25%). Organic revenues for the year are forecast to decline (10%) to (20%) versus our prior expectation for a decline in the range of (15%) to (20%). Second half decremental margins are expected to be 30% to 40%." "We are better positioned today than in previous industrial economic recessions to provide our customers excellent service while maintaining financial strength and strategic optionality. I am proud of what the team has accomplished in the first half of the year and our performance is indicative of the high performing culture we have built through our transformation efforts," added Michael. Second Quarter 2020 Consolidated Results (continuing operations unless otherwise noted) $ millions; except per share data Q2 2020 Q2 2019 Variance Organic Variance Backlog $ 546.3 $ 527.6 3.5 % 6.1 % Orders 320.4 355.6 (9.9) % (7.6) % Revenues 308.1 385.4 (20.1) % (17.6) % Segment income 39.0 44.7 (12.8) % Margin % 12.7 % 11.6 % 110bps Operating income 14.2 29.7 (52.2) % Margin % 4.6 % 7.7 % -310bps Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax $ 6.5 $ 11.2 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (31.6) 51.4 Net income (loss) attributable to SPX FLOW, Inc. (25.1) 62.6 Diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations $ 0.15 $ 0.26 Diluted earnings (loss) per share from discontinued operations (0.75) 1.21 Diluted earnings (loss) per share (0.59) 1.48 Operating Cash Flow from (used in) continuing operations $ 24.7 $ 9.3 Operating Cash Flow from (used in) discontinued operations (5.9) 13.1 Operating Cash Flow 18.8 22.4 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations* $ 32.7 $ 41.9 (22.0) % Free Cash Flow* - continuing and discontinued operations 11.7 14.0 Note: The commentary below is compared to the prior-year period. Organic changes exclude the effects of currency fluctuations. Backlog increased 6.1% organically driven by an increase in the Industrial backlog associated with strong mixer and OE pump orders and were only slightly offset by a decline in Food and Beverage orders driven largely by the company's strategy to methodically reduce its exposure to large, dry-dairy applications and focus on growing orders in higher value, liquid-processing applications. Orders declined (7.6)% organically. The decline was largely due to a lower level of Industrial orders as Food and Beverage orders were roughly flat. From a geographic perspective, declines in North America, Middle East & Africa and Asia Pacific outside of China were only partially offset by growth in China. Revenues declined (17.6)% organically, due to a lower level of revenue from large dry-dairy projects and broad based weakness across most Industrial product lines, largely attributable to current market conditions, along with a lower starting backlog year-over-year. Gross profit decreased $(16.8) million due primarily to the lower volume described above. However, gross margins expanded 290 points to 36.8% driven by a higher quality of revenue, improved operating execution and favorable net price/cost benefits. Operating income was $14.2 million, or 4.6% of revenues. This included $4.8 million of restructuring charges, a $0.8 million non-cash impairment charge, and $2.4 million dollars of professional fees supporting the company's enterprise strategy and long-term value creation planning. Transitional services income of $1.5 million was reported in other operating income/expense. After excluding these items and reclassifying transitional services income, adjusted operating income* was $23.7 million, or 7.7% of revenues. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.15 and included: A non-cash impairment charge of $(0.01) per share related to the rationalization of a product line. Professional fees of $(0.04) per share related primarily to strategic actions. Restructuring and other related charges of $(0.09). A benefit of $0.09 per share related to a mark-to-market adjustment of an equity investment. Discrete and other tax items totaling a net credit of $0.02 per share as compared to the Company's expected tax rate of 29%. Excluding the items noted above, adjusted earnings per share* from continuous operations were $0.22. Free cash flow* generated across all operations was $11.7 million, including investments of $7.1 million on capital expenditures and $2.4 million on restructuring actions. Completed the sale of the Power and Energy segment with net proceeds totaling approximately $400 million after adjustments, fees and taxes. Second Quarter 2020 Results by Segment Food and Beverage $ millions Q2 2020 Q2 2019 Variance Organic Variance Backlog $ 263.5 $ 270.7 (2.7) % (0.6) % Orders 150.9 153.8 (1.9) % 0.3 % Revenues 144.7 178.6 (19.0) % (16.1) % Income 19.1 14.0 36.4 % As a percent of revenues 13.2 % 7.8 % 540bps Note: The commentary below is compared to the prior-year period. Organic changes exclude the effects of currency fluctuations. Backlog was flat organically with improved systems orders out of China offset by the Company's strategy to methodically reduce its exposure to large dry-dairy applications and increase its focus on liquid-processing applications. Orders were flat organically, as a rebound in China systems was offset by a slight decline in aftermarket along with component declines. Aftermarket orders were aided by strong service awards in the quarter. Revenues declined (16.1)% organically, due to a lower level of revenue from large dry-dairy systems, as anticipated, along with lower components and aftermarket sales. Segment income of $19.1 million was up approximately 36% year-over-year as margins expanded 540 points to 13.2%. The margin improvement was driven by strong operational and project execution, a higher quality of revenue which led to better mix, savings from cost reduction actions and net price benefits. Industrial $ millions Q2 2020 Q2 2019 Variance Organic Variance Backlog $ 282.8 $ 256.9 10.1 % 13.2 % Orders 169.5 201.8 (16.0) % (13.5) % Revenues 163.4 206.8 (21.0) % (18.9) % Income 19.9 30.7 (35.2) % As a percent of revenues 12.2 % 14.8 % -260bps Note: The commentary below is compared to the prior-year period. Organic changes exclude the effects of currency fluctuations. Backlog increased 13.2% organically reflecting strength in long cycle orders in the fourth quarter of 2019 and the first quarter of 2020 along with lower year-over-year shipments in the first half of 2020. Orders declined (13.5)% organically. This decline was broad-based across the majority of industrial product lines, most notably in dehydration equipment and hydraulic tools, reflecting the broader global industrial slowdown. Notably European orders were flat in the quarter, and the decline was concentrated in North America. Revenues declined (18.9)% organically primarily due to a lower level of demand across the majority of short cycle product categories and end markets, primarily associated with global macroeconomic conditions. Segment income decreased $(10.8) million and margins contracted 260 points to 12.2%. The decline in segment income and margin was largely related to volume declines in high margin product categories and was partially offset by cost reduction efforts. OTHER ITEMS Form 10-Q: The company expects to file its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 27, 2020 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about August 3, 2020. This news release should be read in conjunction with that filing, which will be available on the company's website at www.spxflow.com, in the Investor Relations section. Subsequent Events: On July 16, 2020, SPX FLOW, Inc. issued an irrevocable notice (the "Notice") with respect to its 5.625% Senior Notes due 2024 (the "2024 Notes") that it will redeem all of the outstanding 2024 Notes on August 15, 2020 (the "Redemption Date"). The 2024 Notes, which have an outstanding principal balance of $300.0 million, will be redeemed in full pursuant to the redemption provisions of the indenture governing the 2024 Notes for a redemption price equal to 102.813% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the Redemption Date. SPX FLOW plans to fund the redemption using available cash. About SPX FLOW, Inc.: Based in Charlotte, North Carolina, SPX FLOW, Inc. (NYSE: FLOW) innovates with customers to help feed and enhance the world by designing, delivering and servicing high value process solutions at the heart of growing and sustaining our diverse communities. The company's product offering is concentrated in process technologies that perform mixing, blending, fluid handling, separation, thermal heat transfer and other activities that are integral to processes performed across a wide variety of sanitary and industrial markets. SPX FLOW had approximately $1.5 billion in 2019 annual revenues and has operations in more than 30 countries and sales in more than 140 countries. To learn more about SPX FLOW, please visit www.spxflow.com. *Non-GAAP measure. See attached schedules for reconciliation from most comparable GAAP measure. Management believes these Non-GAAP metrics are commonly used financial measures for investors to evaluate our operating performance for the periods presented, and when read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements, present a useful tool to evaluate continuing operations and provide investors with metrics they can use to evaluate our management of the business from period to period. In addition, these are some of the factors we use in internal evaluations of the overall performance of our business. Management acknowledges that there are many items that impact a company's reported results and the adjustments reflected in these Non-GAAP measures are not intended to present all items that may have impacted these results. In addition, these Non-GAAP measures are not necessarily comparable to similarly-titled measures used by other companies. Note: Net leverage as defined in the company's credit facility. Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Please read these results in conjunction with the company's documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 28, 2020. These filings identify important risk factors and other uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these statements. The words "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "target," "project," "believe" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes that the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. These statements are only predictions. Actual events or results may differ materially because of market conditions or other factors, and forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. All the forward-looking statements in this press release are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in the company's most recent Form 10-K and Form 10Q and in any other documents filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission that describe risks and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. These risk factors may not be exhaustive. Further, the company operates in a continually changing business environment and cannot predict new risk factors that may arise as a result of these and other changes. Statements in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release, and SPX FLOW disclaims any responsibility to update or revise such statements. Investor Contacts: Scott GaffnerVP, Investor Relations and Strategic Insights704-752-4485[email protected] Media Contact:Melissa BuscherChief Communications Officer704-540-2160 SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited; in millions, except per share amounts) Three months ended Six months ended June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 Revenues $ 308.1 $ 385.4 $ 597.6 $ 758.8 Cost of products sold 194.6 254.8 383.0 504.8 Gross profit 113.5 130.6 214.6 254.0 Selling, general and administrative 90.8 96.2 176.0 183.7 Intangible amortization 2.9 2.8 5.7 5.7 Asset impairment charges 0.8 - 2.7 - Restructuring and other related charges 4.8 1.9 7.4 6.9 Operating income 14.2 29.7 22.8 57.7 Other income, net 5.8 1.5 4.3 6.8 Interest expense, net (9.4) (8.4) (17.5) (16.0) Income from continuing operations before income taxes 10.6 22.8 9.6 48.5 Income tax provision (3.9) (11.5) (3.0) (22.2) Income from continuing operations 6.7 11.3 6.6 26.3 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (31.6) 50.9 (36.7) 56.0 Net income (loss) (24.9) 62.2 (30.1) 82.3 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 0.2 (0.4) 0.3 0.2 Net income (loss) attributable to SPX FLOW, Inc. $ (25.1) $ 62.6 $ (30.4) $ 82.1 Amounts attributable to SPX FLOW, Inc. common shareholders: Income from continuing operations, net of tax $ 6.5 $ 11.2 $ 6.2 $ 25.9 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (31.6) 51.4 (36.6) 56.2 Net income (loss) attributable to SPX FLOW, Inc. $ (25.1) $ 62.6 $ (30.4) $ 82.1 Basic income (loss) per share of common stock: Income per share from continuing operations $ 0.15 $ 0.26 $ 0.15 $ 0.61 Income (loss) per share from discontinued operations (0.75) 1.21 (0.86) 1.33 Net income (loss) per share attributable to SPX FLOW, Inc. (0.59) 1.48 (0.71) 1.94 Diluted income (loss) per share of common stock: Income per share from continuing operations $ 0.15 $ 0.26 $ 0.15 $ 0.61 Income (loss) per share from discontinued operations (0.74) 1.21 (0.86) 1.32 Net income (loss) per share attributable to SPX FLOW, Inc. (0.59) 1.47 (0.71) 1.93 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic 42.397 42.368 42.524 42.410 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted 42.505 42.617 42.703 42.597 SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited; in millions) June 27, 2020 December 31, 2019 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and equivalents $ 657.1 $ 299.2 Accounts receivable, net 217.3 243.1 Contract assets 28.7 27.3 Inventories, net 232.0 208.1 Other current assets 27.2 32.2 Assets of discontinued operations 4.1 464.0 Total current assets 1,166.4 1,273.9 Property, plant and equipment: Land 22.5 22.2 Buildings and leasehold improvements 170.8 170.8 Machinery and equipment 350.6 325.9 543.9 518.9 Accumulated depreciation (318.8) (289.0) Property, plant and equipment, net 225.1 229.9 Goodwill 543.5 545.1 Intangibles, net 199.6 208.1 Other assets 159.3 180.4 TOTAL ASSETS $ 2,293.9 $ 2,437.4 LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 135.7 $ 142.6 Contract liabilities 120.1 116.3 Accrued expenses 164.1 162.0 Income taxes payable 28.9 45.2 Short-term debt 15.7 20.7 Current maturities of long-term debt 0.1 0.1 Liabilities of discontinued operations 1.7 220.5 Total current liabilities 466.3 707.4 Long-term debt 694.3 693.7 Deferred and other income taxes 25.3 27.9 Other long-term liabilities 109.9 115.0 Total long-term liabilities 829.5 836.6 Mezzanine equity 17.4 20.3 Equity: SPX FLOW, Inc. shareholders' equity: Common stock 0.4 0.4 Paid-in capital 1,686.6 1,677.0 Accumulated deficit (399.6) (369.2) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (282.3) (426.5) Common stock in treasury (32.4) (19.3) Total SPX FLOW, Inc. shareholders' equity 972.7 862.4 Noncontrolling interests 8.0 10.7 Total equity 980.7 873.1 TOTAL LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND EQUITY $ 2,293.9 $ 2,437.4 SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES RESULTS OF REPORTABLE SEGMENTS (Unaudited; in millions) As of and for the three months ended As of and for the six months ended June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 Change %/bps June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 Change %/bps Food and Beverage Backlog $ 263.5 $ 270.7 $ (7.2) (2.7)% $ 263.5 $ 270.7 $ (7.2) (2.7)% Orders $ 150.9 $ 153.8 $ (2.9) (1.9)% $ 276.1 $ 306.9 $ (30.8) (10.0)% Revenues $ 144.7 $ 178.6 $ (33.9) (19.0)% $ 282.5 $ 351.1 $ (68.6) (19.5)% Gross profit 52.8 54.4 (1.6) 102.5 106.0 (3.5) as a percent of revenues 36.5 % 30.5 % 600 bps 36.3 % 30.2 % 610 bps Selling, general and administrative expense 32.1 38.9 (6.8) 60.9 70.5 (9.6) as a percent of revenues 22.2 % 21.8 % 40 bps 21.6 % 20.1 % 150 bps Intangible amortization expense 1.6 1.5 0.1 3.1 3.0 0.1 Income $ 19.1 $ 14.0 $ 5.1 36.4 % $ 38.5 $ 32.5 $ 6.0 18.5 % as a percent of revenues 13.2 % 7.8 % 540 bps 13.6 % 9.3 % 430 bps Industrial Backlog $ 282.8 $ 256.9 $ 25.9 10.1 % $ 282.8 $ 256.9 $ 25.9 10.1 % Orders $ 169.5 $ 201.8 $ (32.3) (16.0)% $ 361.3 $ 406.4 $ (45.1) (11.1)% Revenues $ 163.4 $ 206.8 $ (43.4) (21.0)% $ 315.1 $ 407.7 $ (92.6) (22.7)% Gross profit 60.7 76.2 (15.5) 112.1 148.0 (35.9) as a percent of revenues 37.1 % 36.8 % 30 bps 35.6 % 36.3 % (70)bps Selling, general and administrative expense 39.5 44.2 (4.7) 80.2 86.1 (5.9) as a percent of revenue 24.2 % 21.4 % 280 bps 25.5 % 21.1 % 440 bps Intangible amortization expense 1.3 1.3 - 2.6 2.7 (0.1) Income $ 19.9 $ 30.7 $ (10.8) (35.2)% $ 29.3 $ 59.2 $ (29.9) (50.5)% as a percent of revenues 12.2 % 14.8 % (260)bps 9.3 % 14.5 % (520)bps Consolidated Backlog $ 546.3 $ 527.6 $ 18.7 3.5 % $ 546.3 $ 527.6 $ 18.7 3.5 % Consolidated Orders 320.4 355.6 (35.2) (9.9)% 637.4 713.3 (75.9) (10.6)% Consolidated Revenues 308.1 385.4 (77.3) (20.1)% 597.6 758.8 (161.2) (21.2)% Consolidated Segment Income 39.0 44.7 (5.7) (12.8)% 67.8 91.7 (23.9) (26.1)% as a percent of revenues 12.7 % 11.6 % 110 bps 11.3 % 12.1 % (80)bps Total income for reportable segments $ 39.0 $ 44.7 $ (5.7) $ 67.8 $ 91.7 $ (23.9) Corporate expense 19.0 12.9 6.1 34.5 26.7 7.8 Pension and postretirement service costs 0.2 0.2 - 0.4 0.4 - Asset impairment charges 0.8 - 0.8 2.7 - 2.7 Restructuring and other related charges 4.8 1.9 2.9 7.4 6.9 0.5 Consolidated Operating Income $ 14.2 $ 29.7 $ (15.5) (52.2)% $ 22.8 $ 57.7 $ (34.9) (60.5)% as a percent of revenues 4.6 % 7.7 % (310)bps 3.8 % 7.6 % (380)bps SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited; in millions) Three months ended Six months ended June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 Cash flows from (used in) operating activities: Net income (loss) $ (24.9) $ 62.2 $ (30.1) $ 82.3 Less: Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (31.6) 50.9 (36.7) 56.0 Income from continuing operations 6.7 11.3 6.6 26.3 Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing operations to net cash from (used in) operating activities: Restructuring and other related charges 4.8 1.9 7.4 6.9 Asset impairment charges 0.8 - 2.7 - Deferred income taxes 18.8 3.2 18.8 8.5 Depreciation and amortization 10.2 9.8 20.0 19.4 Stock-based compensation 3.8 3.3 7.0 6.2 Pension and other employee benefits 0.3 0.6 0.7 1.0 Losses (gains) on asset sales and other, net (0.1) (0.3) 0.4 (0.2) Gain on change in fair value of investment in equity security (5.3) (1.6) (5.3) (7.8) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from discontinued operations: Accounts receivable and other assets 11.0 30.2 28.3 45.1 Contract assets and liabilities, net 5.0 (20.1) 3.3 (24.0) Inventories (13.9) (2.6) (29.1) (12.2) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other (15.0) (23.5) (63.6) (45.9) Cash spending on restructuring actions (2.4) (2.9) (4.7) (3.3) Net cash from (used in) continuing operations 24.7 9.3 (7.5) 20.0 Net cash from (used in) discontinued operations (5.9) 13.1 (6.4) 24.2 Net cash from (used in) operating activities 18.8 22.4 (13.9) 44.2 Cash flows from (used in) investing activities: Proceeds from asset sales and other, net 0.2 0.7 0.2 0.7 Capital expenditures (7.1) (7.2) (11.8) (12.5) Net cash used in continuing operations (6.9) (6.5) (11.6) (11.8) Net cash from (used in) discontinued operations (includes proceeds from disposition of $406.2, less cashand restricted cash disposed of $7.3, in the three and six months ended June 27, 2020) 398.9 (1.2) 393.4 (2.8) Net cash from (used in) investing activities 392.0 (7.7) 381.8 (14.6) Cash flows used in financing activities: Borrowings under amended and restated senior credit facilities - 122.0 - 122.0 Repayments of amended and restated senior credit facilities - (7.0) - (7.0) Borrowings under former senior credit facilities - 11.0 - 33.0 Repayments of former senior credit facilities - (146.0) - (173.0) Borrowings under former trade receivables financing arrangement - 12.0 - 54.0 Repayments of former trade receivables financing arrangement - (12.0) - (54.0) Borrowings under (repayments of) purchase card program, net 2.9 0.5 (4.8) (0.4) Borrowings under other financing arrangements - 0.6 - 0.6 Repayments of other financing arrangements (0.1) (1.7) (0.3) (2.8) Financing fees paid - (2.7) - (2.7) Purchases of common stock (6.2) - (6.2) - Minimum withholdings paid on behalf of employees for net share settlements, net (0.4) (0.1) (6.8) (5.2) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests in subsidiary - (1.0) (1.2) (1.0) Net cash used in continuing operations (3.8) (24.4) (19.3) (36.5) Net cash used in discontinued operations - (0.1) (0.3) (0.2) Net cash used in financing activities (3.8) (24.5) (19.6) (36.7) Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates 6.3 11.0 5.4 (2.8) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 413.3 1.2 353.7 (9.9) Consolidated cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 243.8 203.2 303.4 214.3 Consolidated cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period $ 657.1 $ 204.4 $ 657.1 $ 204.4 SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ORGANIC REVENUE RECONCILIATION (Unaudited) Three months ended June 27, 2020 Net Revenue Decline Foreign Currency Organic RevenueDecline Food and Beverage (19.0)% (2.9)% (16.1)% Industrial (21.0)% (2.1)% (18.9)% Consolidated (20.1)% (2.5)% (17.6)% Six months ended Junw 27, 2020 Net Revenue Decline Foreign Currency Organic RevenueDecline Food and Beverage (19.5)% (3.0)% (16.5)% Industrial (22.7)% (2.4)% (20.3)% Consolidated (21.2)% (2.7)% (18.5)% SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CASH RECONCILIATION (Unaudited; in millions) Six months ended June 27, 2020 Beginning cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ 303.4 Net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations (7.5) Net cash used in operating activities of discontinued operations (6.4) Proceeds from asset sales and other, net 0.2 Capital expenditures of continuing operations (11.8) Capital expenditures of discontinued operations (5.5) Net proceeds from disposition of discontinued operations 398.9 Repayments of purchase card program, net (4.8) Repayments of other financing arrangements (0.3) Purchases of common stock (6.2) Minimum withholdings paid on behalf of employees for net share settlements, net (6.8) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests in subsidiary (1.2) Net cash used in financing activities of discontinued operations (0.3) Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates 5.4 Ending cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ 657.1 SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES DEBT, NET DEBT AND ADJUSTED NET DEBT RECONCILIATION (Unaudited; in millions) Debt, Net Debt and Adjusted Net Debt at June 27, 2020 December 31, 2019 Term loan $ 100.0 $ 100.0 5.625% senior notes, due in August 2024 300.0 300.0 5.875% senior notes, due in August 2026 300.0 300.0 Other indebtedness - continuing operations 16.2 21.3 Other indebtedness - discontinued operations - 4.1 Less: deferred financing fees (6.1) (6.8) Total debt $ 710.1 $ 718.6 Total debt $ 710.1 $ 718.6 Less: cash and equivalents - continuing operations (657.1) (299.2) Less: cash and equivalents - discontinued operations - (3.1) Net debt $ 53.0 $ 416.3 Net debt $ 53.0 $ 416.3 Less: debt under purchase card program (15.6) (20.4) Adjusted net debt $ 37.4 $ 395.9 SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES FREE CASH FLOW RECONCILIATION (Unaudited; in millions) Three months ended Six months ended June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 Net cash from (used in) operating activities - continuingand discontinued operations $ 18.8 $ 22.4 $ (13.9) $ 44.2 Capital expenditures - continuing and discontinuedoperations (7.1) (8.4) (17.3) (15.3) Free cash flow from (used in) operations - continuing anddiscontinued operations $ 11.7 $ 14.0 $ (31.2) $ 28.9 SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ADJUSTED OPERATING INCOME RECONCILIATION (Unaudited; in millions) Three months ended Six months ended June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 Operating income $ 14.2 $ 29.7 $ 22.8 $ 57.7 Charges and fees associated with strategic actions 2.4 0.5 3.2 0.5 Certain restructuring and other related charges 4.8 1.8 7.4 5.9 Asset impairment charges 0.8 - 2.7 - Reduction of SG&A costs associated with transition services income 1.5 - 1.5 - Adjusted operating income $ 23.7 $ 32.0 $ 37.6 $ 64.1 SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES EBITDA FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS RECONCILIATION (Unaudited; in millions) Three months ended Six months ended June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 Net income attributable to SPX FLOW, Inc. from continuing operations $ 6.5 $ 11.2 $ 6.2 $ 25.9 Income tax provision 3.9 11.5 3.0 22.2 Interest expense, net 9.4 8.4 17.5 16.0 Depreciation and amortization 10.2 9.8 20.0 19.4 EBITDA from continuing operations 30.0 40.9 46.7 83.5 Asset impairment charges 0.8 - 2.7 - Fair value adjustment related to an equity security (5.3) (1.6) (5.3) (7.8) Non-cash compensation expense 3.8 3.3 7.0 6.2 Non-service pension and postretirement related costs 0.1 0.4 0.3 0.6 Interest income 1.1 1.8 2.1 3.8 Losses (gains) on asset sales and other, net (0.1) (0.3) 0.4 (0.2) Restructuring and other related charges 4.8 1.9 7.4 6.9 Foreign exchange losses 1.0 0.1 1.7 0.8 Other 0.2 0.2 0.4 0.4 Bank consolidated EBITDA from continuing operations $ 36.4 $ 46.7 $ 63.4 $ 94.2 SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ADJUSTED EBITDA FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS RECONCILIATION (Unaudited; in millions) Three months ended Six months ended June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 Net income attributable to SPX FLOW, Inc. from continuing operations $ 6.5 $ 11.2 $ 6.2 $ 25.9 Income tax provision 3.9 11.5 3.0 22.2 Interest expense, net 9.4 8.4 17.5 16.0 Depreciation and amortization 10.2 9.8 20.0 19.4 EBITDA from continuing operations 30.0 40.9 46.7 83.5 Charges and fees associated with strategic actions 2.4 0.5 3.2 0.5 Certain restructuring and other related charges 4.8 1.8 7.4 5.9 Asset impairment charges 0.8 - 2.7 - Fair value adjustment related to an equity security (5.3) (1.6) (5.3) (7.8) Losses on certain foreign currency remeasurement - 0.3 - 0.5 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations $ 32.7 $ 41.9 $ 54.7 $ 82.6 SPX FLOW, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ADJUSTED DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS RECONCILIATION (Unaudited) Three months ended Six months ended June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations $ 0.15 $ 0.26 $ 0.15 $ 0.61 Charges and fees associated with strategic actions, net of tax 0.04 0.01 0.05 0.01 Certain restructuring and other related charges, net of tax 0.09 0.04 0.14 0.11 Asset impairment charges, net of tax 0.01 - 0.04 - Fair value adjustment related to an equity security, net of tax (0.09) (0.03) (0.09) (0.13) Losses on certain foreign currency remeasurement, net of tax - 0.01 - 0.02 Discrete tax charges 0.02 0.10 - 0.13 Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations $ 0.22 $ 0.39 $ 0.29 $ 0.75 SOURCE SPX FLOW, Inc. Related Links http://www.spxflow.com

Bruker Announces Improved Assay for Tuberculosis Diagnostics in Novel Liquid Array Format for Improved Multiplexing Expanded FluoroType MTBDR 2.0 Liquid Array molecular assay with CE IVD mark provides highly differentiated tuberculosis (TB) detection and antibiotic resistance testing Novel FluoroCycler XT PCR system with CE IVD mark enables new Liquid Array format NEHREN, Germany, March 22, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- In time for the World Tuberculosis (TB) Day 2019 on Sunday, March 24th (www.who.int/campaigns/world-tb-day/world-tb-day-2019), Bruker today announced the launch of an important further innovation in the field of tuberculosis diagnostics. Figure 1: New FluoroCycler XT PCR platform Figure 2: FluoroType MTBDR 2.0 Kit According to the World Health Organization (WHO), TB is among the most dangerous infectious diseases worldwide, ranking alongside HIV/AIDS (https://www.who.int/tb/en/) as a cause for death. One of the targets of the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals for 2030 is to end the tuberculosis epidemic (https://www.un.org/pga/73/event/fight-to-end-tuberculosis/), which demands a global effort to tackle the rise of multi-drug-resistant TB (MDR-TB) and extensively-drug-resistant TB (XDR-TB). MDR-TB is resistant to the first-line drugs isoniazid (INH) and rifampicin (RIF), and XDR-TB in addition has developed resistance to fluoroquinolone and the injectable compounds used. The rapid diagnosis and appropriate treatment of both MDR-TB and XDR-TB is therefore essential to prevent significant morbidity, mortality and further transmission of the disease. In recent years an increased spectrum of anti-mycobacterial resistance, and therefore an increased number of MDR and XDR cases has been observed. Conventional antibiotic susceptibility testing (AST) methods for TB can take an extremely long time to yield results, require significant laboratory infrastructure and training, and are potentially biohazardous. As a result, there is still under-diagnosis and a gap between acute TB cases and TB notifications. The new PCR-based FluoroType MTBDR 2.0 assay identifies tuberculosis pathogens, as well as several important antibiotic resistance characteristics in only three hours. The novel assay detects TB pathogens directly from patient samples, without the need for any culture. In addition, it can be used to detect MDR-TB, i.e. resistance against rifampicin and isoniazid, the two most important first line TB drugs. This novel TB test relies on the innovative Bruker-Hain Liquid Array technology to analyze a multitude of mutations in the associated TB resistance genes.The new FluoroCycler XT is a novel, high-performance thermal cycler and optical reader that enables the Liquid Array assay technology. The FluoroType MTBDR 2.0 assay can detect more than 60 mutations in the TB genes, leading up to 522 resistance patterns with relevant information to guide therapy. This level of genetic specificity normally can only be achieved with sequencing.Dr. Jaime Esteban from the Depto. Microbiolog a Cl nica at the Universidad Aut noma de Madrid stated: "We will implement the new high-resolution FluoroType MTBDR 2.0 test together with the newly developed, high-performance optical FluoroCycler XT to improve our ability to diagnose acute TB with greater specificity and as quickly as possible."The FluoroCycler XT PCR system and the FluoroType MTBDR 2.0 assay were CE-IVD registered in January 2019. With their combined launch, the fight against TB has a new tool for advanced testing to provide superior diagnostic information.David Hain, Managing Director of Bruker-Hain Diagnostics, said: "With introduction of the FluoroType MTBDR 2.0 Liquid Array assay for in-depth tuberculosis testing on our innovative FluoroCycler XT platform, Bruker supports the multinational healthcare objective to improve diagnosis for improved personalized therapy of acute tuberculosis."About Bruker Corporation (Nasdaq: BRKR)Bruker is enabling scientists to make breakthrough discoveries and develop new applications that improve the quality of human life. Bruker's high-performance scientific instruments and high-value analytical and diagnostic solutions enable scientists to explore life and materials at molecular, cellular and microscopic levels. In close cooperation with our customers, Bruker is enabling innovation, improved productivity and customer success in life science molecular research, in applied and pharma applications, in microscopy and nanoanalysis, and in industrial applications, as well as in cell biology, preclinical imaging, clinical phenomics and proteomics research and clinical microbiology. For more information, please visit: www.bruker.com.About Bruker-Hain DiagnosticsBruker-Hain Diagnostics was formed after the recent acquisition of a majority share of the Hain Lifescience GmbH as a Business Unit for Molecular Diagnostics (MDx) products in Bruker s Microbiology & Diagnostics business. Hain Lifescience GmbH is the legal manufacturer of the FluoroCycler XT and the MTBDR 2.0 assay. For more information, please visit, www.hain-lifescience.de.Investor Contact: Miroslava Minkova Director, Investor Relations & Corporate DevelopmentBruker Corporation T: +1 (978) 663 3660, ext. 1479 E: [email protected]Contact for Media and Customers:David HainBruker-Hain DiagnosticsManaging DirectorHain Lifescience GmbHTel: +49-171-331-4645E: [email protected] SOURCE Bruker Corporation Related Links https://www.bruker.com

First US Bancshares, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Share Repurchases BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Sept. 16, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- First US Bancshares, Inc. (Nasdaq: FUSB) (the Company ), the parent company of First US Bank, announced today that the Company has completed share repurchases for the third quarter of 2019 totaling 84,200 shares of its $0.01 par value common stock at a weighted average price of $9.51 per share. The Company repurchased the shares under its existing share repurchase program, which was originally approved by the Company s Board of Directors on January 19, 2006. Of the 642,875 shares of common stock originally authorized for repurchases under the share repurchase program, 158,103 shares may still be repurchased following the repurchases during the third quarter of 2019. The share repurchase program is currently set to expire on December 31, 2019. About First US Bancshares, Inc. First US Bancshares, Inc. is a bank holding company that operates banking offices in Alabama, Tennessee and Virginia through First US Bank (the Bank ). In addition, the Company s operations include Acceptance Loan Company, Inc., a consumer loan company ( ALC ), and FUSB Reinsurance, Inc., an underwriter of credit life and credit accident and health insurance policies sold to the Bank s and ALC s consumer loan customers. The Company files periodic reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Copies of its filings may be obtained through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov or at www.firstusbank.com. More information about the Company and the Bank may be obtained at www.firstusbank.com. The Company s stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol FUSB. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, as defined by federal securities laws. Statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements may address issues that involve significant risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions made by management. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements following the date of this press release, except as required by law. In addition, the Company, through its senior management, may make from time to time forward-looking public statements concerning the matters described herein. Such forward-looking statements are necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of the Company s senior management based upon current information and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Certain factors that could affect the accuracy of such forward-looking statements are identified in the public filings made by the Company with the SEC, and forward-looking statements contained in this press release or in other public statements of the Company or its senior management should be considered in light of those factors. Specifically, with respect to statements relating to the sufficiency of the allowance for loan and lease losses, loan demand, cash flows, growth and earnings potential and expansion, these factors include, but are not limited to, the rate of growth (or lack thereof) in the economy generally and in the Bank s and ALC s service areas, market conditions and investment returns, the availability of quality loans in the Bank s and ALC s service areas, the relative strength and weakness in the consumer and commercial credit sectors and in the real estate markets, collateral values and cybersecurity threats. With respect to statements relating to the Company s acquisition of The Peoples Bank, these factors include, but are not limited to, difficulties, delays and unanticipated costs in integrating the organizations businesses or realized expected cost savings and other benefits; business disruptions as a result of the integration of the organizations, including possible loss of customers; diversion of management time to address acquisition-related issues; and changes in asset quality and credit risk as a result of the acquisition. There can be no assurance that such factors or other factors will not affect the accuracy of such forward-looking statements. Contact: Thomas S. Elley 205-582-1200

Duke Energy Renewables acquires 200-MWac Texas solar project from Canadian Solar Rambler solar project will produce enough clean energy to power the equivalent of 40,000 homes CHARLOTTE, N.C. and GUELPH, Ontario, Sept. 12, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Duke Energy Renewables, a subsidiary of Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK), is expanding its solar energy portfolio by acquiring the 200-megawatt (MWac) / 266-megawatt peak (MWp) Rambler solar project from Recurrent Energy, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Canadian Solar Inc. ("Canadian Solar") (NASDAQ: CSIQ). The project will be located in Tom Green County, Texas and is expected to achieve commercial operation in mid-2020. The energy generated from the Rambler solar project will be sold to a customer under a 15-year agreement. The 200-MWac project will utilize more than 733,000 of Canadian Solar's high efficiency bifacial BiKu modules across approximately 1,700 acres west of San Angelo, Texas. Rambler will power the equivalent of 40,000 homes, and Duke Energy Renewables will provide long-term operations and maintenance services to the project. "We're pleased to continue our expansion of solar energy resources in Texas, which is seeing increasing demand for power," said Rob Caldwell, president of Duke Energy Renewables. "In addition to generating clean energy, this project will also bring significant economic benefits to the state." The project is expected to employ 400 workers at peak construction. Along with indirect economic benefits that accompany solar project development such as increased local spending in the service and construction industries Rambler will also directly provide several million dollars to Tom Green County and to the local school district over the 40-year life of the project. "With over one gigawatt of contracted projects in ERCOT's service territory, we are proud that Recurrent Energy continues to lead solar energy development in Texas, one of the fastest growing U.S. states for the solar industry," said Shawn Qu, chairman and CEO of Canadian Solar. "It has been our pleasure to rekindle our long relationship with Duke Energy Renewables' talented team through this strategic transaction." The Rambler solar project, which is the fifth acquisition by Duke Energy Renewables this year, will be the company's fourth solar generation facility in Texas. The Rambler solar project also represents one of seven large-scale projects in Recurrent Energy's development portfolio within the state. Canadian Solar expects to recognize the majority of the revenue from the sale of the project in the third quarter of 2019. Since 2010, Duke Energy and Recurrent Energy have now partnered on six solar projects, including four equity transactions. Duke Energy has also purchased equity stakes in solar projects developed by Recurrent Energy that include Ajo and Bagdad located in Arizona and the Sunset Reservoir project located in San Francisco. Duke Energy subsidiaries have also purchased electricity from the North Carolina IS-42 and NC 102 projects, for which Recurrent Energy played a development or construction oversight role. Duke Energy Renewables Duke Energy Renewables, a nonregulated unit of Duke Energy, operates wind and solar generation facilities across the U.S., with a total electric capacity of 3,000 megawatts. Duke Energy is one of the nation's top renewable energy providers on track to own or purchase 8,000 megawatts of wind, solar and biomass energy by 2020. The power is sold to electric utilities, electric cooperatives, municipalities, and commercial and industrial customers. The unit also operates energy storage and microgrid projects. Visit Duke Energy Renewables for more information. Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK), a Fortune 150 company headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., is one of the largest energy holding companies in the U.S. It employs 30,000 people and has an electric generating capacity of 51,000 megawatts through its regulated utilities, in addition to Duke Energy Renewables' capacity. Duke Energy was named to Fortune's 2019 "World's Most Admired Companies" list, and Forbes' 2019 "America's Best Employers" list. More information about the company is available at duke-energy.com. The Duke Energy News Center contains news releases, fact sheets, photos, videos and other materials. Duke Energy's illumination features stories about people, innovations, community topics and environmental issues. Follow Duke Energy on Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and Facebook. About Recurrent EnergyRecurrent Energy is a leading utility-scale solar and energy storage project developer, delivering competitive, clean electricity to large energy buyers. Based in the U.S., Recurrent Energy is a wholly owned subsidiary of Canadian Solar Inc. and functions as Canadian Solar's U.S. project development arm. Recurrent Energy has approximately 5 GW of solar and storage projects in development in the U.S. Additional details are available at www.recurrentenergy.com. Canadian Solar was founded in 2001 in Canada and is one of the world's largest and foremost solar power companies. It is a leading manufacturer of solar photovoltaic modules and provider of solar energy solutions and has a geographically diversified pipeline of utility-scale power projects in various stages of development. Over the past 18 years, Canadian Solar has successfully delivered over 34 GW of premium quality modules to customers in over 150 countries around the world. Canadian Solar is one of the most bankable companies in the solar industry, having been publicly listed on NASDAQ since 2006. For additional information about the Company, follow Canadian Solar on LinkedIn or visit www.canadiansolar.com. Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking StatementsThis document includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by terms and phrases such as "anticipate," "believe," "intend," "estimate," "expect," "continue," "should," "could," "may," "plan," "project," "predict," "will," "potential," "forecast," "target," "outlook," "guidance," and similar expressions. Various factors may cause actual results to be materially different than the suggested outcomes within forward-looking statements; accordingly, there is no assurance that such results will be realized. These risks and uncertainties are identified and discussed in Duke Energy's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and subsequent quarterly reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than Duke Energy has described. Duke Energy expressly disclaims an obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Canadian Solar's Safe Harbor/Forward-Looking StatementsCertain statements in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These statements are made under the "Safe Harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by such terms as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "estimates," the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include general business and economic conditions and the state of the solar industry; governmental support for the deployment of solar power; future available supplies of high-purity silicon; demand for end-use products by consumers and inventory levels of such products in the supply chain; changes in demand from significant customers; changes in demand from major markets such as Japan, the U.S., India and China; changes in customer order patterns; changes in product mix; capacity utilization; level of competition; pricing pressure and declines in average selling prices; delays in new product introduction; delays in utility-scale project approval process; delays in utility-scale project construction; delays in the completion of project sales; continued success in technological innovations and delivery of products with the features customers demand; shortage in supply of materials or capacity requirements; availability of financing; exchange rate fluctuations; litigation and other risks as described in the Company's SEC filings, including its annual report on Form 20-F filed on April 25, 2019. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward looking statements are reasonable, it cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance, or achievements. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. All information provided in this press release is as of today's date, unless otherwise stated, and Canadian Solar undertakes no duty to update such information, except as required under applicable law. Contact: Jennifer GarberOffice: 980.373.0668 | 24-Hour: 800-559-3853 Recurrent Energy Contact: Jesse PrierEmail: [email protected]Office: 415.814.1067 SOURCE Duke Energy Related Links http://www.duke-energy.com

MGP Ingredients Announces Share Repurchase Authorization and Quarterly Cash Dividend Increase ATCHISON, Kan., Feb. 27, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MGP Ingredients, Inc. (Nasdaq:MGPI), a leading supplier of premium distilled spirits and specialty wheat proteins and starches, today announced that its Board of Directors has approved a $25 million share repurchase authorization commencing February 27, 2019 through February 27, 2022. Under the share repurchase program, the Company can repurchase stock from time to time for cash in open market purchases, block transactions, and privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The actual timing, number, and value of shares repurchased under the program will be determined by management at its discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal requirements. This share repurchase program may be modified, suspended, or terminated by the Company at any time without prior notice. Additionally, the Company s Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend on its common stock of $0.10 per share payable on March 29, 2019 to shareholders of record as of March 13, 2019. The $0.10 dividend rate represents a 25% increase over the previous dividend rate of $0.08 per share of common stock. We are very pleased that our ongoing financial strength allows us to reward shareholders with these initiatives while still having ample funds available to invest to grow our business, said Karen Seaberg, chairman of the board of MGP Ingredients. Today s announcement reflects our continued confidence in the long-term strategy, the health of our balance sheet, and our ability to generate strong cash flows. About MGP Ingredients, Inc. Founded in 1941, MGP is a leading supplier of premium distilled spirits and specialty wheat proteins and starches. Distilled spirits include bourbon and rye whiskeys, gins and vodkas, which are expertly crafted through a combination of art and science and backed by a long history of experience. The Company's proteins and starches are created in the same manner and provide a host of functional, nutritional and sensory benefits for a wide range of food products. MGP additionally is a top producer of high quality industrial alcohol for use in both food and non-food applications. The Company is headquartered in Atchison, Kansas, where distilled alcohol products and food ingredients are produced. Premium spirits are also distilled and matured at the Company's facility in Lawrenceburg, Indiana. For more information, visit mgpingredients.com. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements as well as historical information. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this news release regarding the prospects of our industry and our prospects, plans, financial position, business strategy, guidance on growth in operating income, net sales, gross margin, and future effective tax rate may constitute forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements are usually identified by or are associated with such words as "intend," "plan," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "anticipate," "hopeful," "should," "may," "will," "could," "encouraged," "opportunities," "potential" and/or the negatives or variations of these terms or similar terminology. They reflect management's current beliefs and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, Company performance, and Company financial results and are not guarantees of future performance. All such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statement. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, among others: (i) disruptions in operations at our Atchison facility or our Indiana facility, (ii) the availability and cost of grain and flour, and fluctuations in energy costs, (iii) the effectiveness of our grain purchasing program to mitigate our exposure to commodity price fluctuations, (iv) the effectiveness or execution of our strategic plan, (v) potential adverse effects to operations and our system of internal controls related to the loss of key management personnel, (vi) the competitive environment and related market conditions, (vii) the ability to effectively pass raw material price increases on to customers, (viii) our ability to maintain compliance with all applicable loan agreement covenants, (ix) our ability to realize operating efficiencies, (x) actions of governments, and (xi) consumer tastes and preferences. For further information on these and other risks and uncertainties that may affect our business, including risks specific to our Distillery Products and Ingredient Solutions segments, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. For More Information Investors & Analysts: Mike Houston 646-475-2998 or investor.relations@mgpingredients.com Media: Greg Manis 913-360-5440 or greg.manis@mgpingredients.com

Kratos Wins Place on U.S. Army Global Tactical Advanced Communication Systems (GTACS II) $5.1 Billion Multiple Award IDIQ Contract SAN DIEGO, Jan. 16, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq: KTOS), a leading National Security Solutions provider, announced today that it will participate in a multiple award indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contract for U.S. Army advanced communication systems. The new Global Tactical Advanced Communication Systems II (GTACS II) contract vehicle will allow multiple companies to compete for up to $5.1 billion over a ten year period to support the U.S. Army Program Executive Office Command, Control and Communications-Tactical (PEO C3T) and Project Manager Tactical Network (PM Tactical Network). The GTACS II contract will provide an acquisition vehicle for Kratos broad array of communications technology, including satellite solutions for signal processing to advanced cybersecurity products, command and control, virtual communications, SATCOM and tactical protected communications. Kratos has assembled an elite sub-contractor team, including both large and small companies to address GTACS II mission requirements. Members of the sub-contracting team were chosen based on specific strengths that complement Kratos capabilities to provide innovative, flexible, open-architecture tactical communications solutions. The team includes TMC Design Corporation, Navigator Development Group Inc., Modern Technology Solutions, Teledyne Brown Engineering Inc. and Ball Aerospace and Technology Corporation. The U.S. Army seeks to rapidly develop technology to support networked battle command solutions. GTACS II will support the funding and is expected to run through January 5, 2030 with a five-year base period and a five-year option period. This contract vehicle may be used by other agencies and organizations in support of their missions. Kratos has a unique combination of terrestrial, airborne, and space communication capabilities. When integrated with strengths in system engineering, hardware manufacturing, software development, training and field support, they form an innovative, responsive, and best value supplier for GTACS II customers, said Frank Backes, Senior Vice President, Kratos Space. He continued, Efforts Kratos has put together with its partners will help the Army achieve its goal of accelerating the adoption of communication technologies supporting multiple domains. About Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTOS) develops and fields transformative, affordable technology, platforms and systems for United States National Security related customers, allies and commercial enterprises. Kratos is changing the way breakthrough technology for these industries are rapidly brought to market through proven commercial and venture capital backed approaches, including proactive research and streamlined development processes. Kratos specializes in unmanned systems, satellite communications, cyber security/warfare, microwave electronics, missile defense, hypersonic systems, training, combat systems and next generation turbo jet and turbo fan engine development. For more information go to www.KratosDefense.com . Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of Kratos and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Kratos undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although Kratos believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements involve many risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from what may be expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. For a further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the business of Kratos in general, see the risk disclosures in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kratos for the year ended December 30, 2018, and in subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and other filings made with the SEC by Kratos. Press Contact: Yolanda White 858-812-7302 Direct Investor Information: 877-934-4687 investor@kratosdefense.com

Interpace Biosciences Announces Contract with Lab Benefits Management Firm In-Network Access for More Than 3 Million Members Parsippany, NJ, April 27, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Interpace Biosciences (NASDAQ: IDXG) announced today that its subsidiary, Interpace Diagnostics, has entered into a contract with Avalon Healthcare Solutions (Avalon), a specialty benefit management company with more than 3 million members, focused on laboratory testing. The new contract, whose terms were not disclosed, includes two of the Southeastern U.S. s largest Blue Cross Blue Shield plans where members can now take advantage of the benefits of ThyGeNEXT and ThyraMIR thyroid testing while reducing their out of pocket expenses due to Interpace s status as an in-network provider. Interpace has successfully achieved positive medical coverage for its services through Medicare as well as other leading national and regional health plans and is now focused on establishing more contracts to optimize the adjudication process. According to Jack Stover, CEO of Interpace, This contract with such an important regional specialty benefit management organization as Avalon continues our trend in establishing improved reimbursement through participation as an in-network lab. About Thyroid Nodules, ThyGeNEXT and ThyraMIR Testing According to the American Thyroid Association, approximately 20% of the 525,000 thyroid fine needle aspirations (FNAs) performed on an annual basis in the U.S. are indeterminate for malignancy based on standard cytological evaluation, and thus are candidates for ThyGeNEXT and ThyraMIR . ThyGeNEXT and ThyraMIR reflex testing yields high predictive value in determining the presence and absence of cancer in thyroid nodules. The combination of both tests can improve risk stratification and surgical decision-making when standard cytopathology does not provide a clear diagnosis for the presence of cancer. ThyGeNEXT utilizes state-of-the-art next-generation sequencing (NGS) to identify more than 100 genetic alterations associated with papillary and follicular thyroid carcinomas, the two most common forms of thyroid cancer. ThyraMIR is the first microRNA gene expression classifier. MicroRNAs are small, non-coding RNAs that bind to messenger RNA and regulate expression of genes involved in human cancers, including every subtype of thyroid cancer. ThyraMIR measures the expression of 10 microRNAs. Both ThyGeNEXT and ThyraMIR are covered by both Medicare and many commercial insurers. About Interpace Biosciences Interpace Biosciences is a leader in enabling personalized medicine, offering specialized services along the therapeutic value chain from early diagnosis and prognostic planning to targeted therapeutic applications. Clinical services, through Interpace Diagnostics, provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests, bioinformatics and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer by leveraging the latest technology in personalized medicine for improved patient diagnosis and management. Interpace has four commercialized molecular tests and one test in a clinical evaluation process (CEP): PancraGEN for the diagnosis and prognosis of pancreatic cancer from pancreatic cysts; ThyGeNEXT for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a next generation sequencing assay; ThyraMIR for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a proprietary gene expression assay; and RespriDX that differentiates lung cancer of primary vs. metastatic origin. In addition, BarreGEN for Barrett s Esophagus, is currently in a clinical evaluation program whereby we gather information from physicians using BarreGEN to assist us in positioning the product for full launch, partnering and potentially supporting reimbursement with payers. Pharma services, through Interpace Pharma Solutions, provides pharmacogenomics testing, genotyping, biorepository and other customized services to the pharmaceutical and biotech industries. Pharma services also advance personalized medicine by partnering with pharmaceutical, academic, and technology leaders to effectively integrate pharmacogenomics into their drug development and clinical trial programs with the goals of delivering safer, more effective drugs to market more quickly, and improving patient care. For more information, please visit Interpace Biosciences website at www.interpace.com. About Avalon Healthcare Solutions Avalon provides a comprehensive program managing all outpatient laboratory services across all providers, including independent, physician office and hospital-based labs. Using an independent Clinical Advisory Board (CAB), Avalon has developed a suite of science-based lab policies addressing all lab testing categories. Several independent health plans utilize the services of Avalon to manage their laboratory benefits including two of the Southeastern U.S. s largest Blue Cross Blue Shield plans which include over 3 million members. Forward-looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, relating to the Company's future financial and operating performance. The Company has attempted to identify forward looking statements by terminology including "believes," "estimates," "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "projects," "intends," "potential," "may," "could," "might," "will," "should," "approximately" or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, assumptions and uncertainties involving judgments about, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the Company's control. These statements also involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement. Additionally, all forward-looking statements are subject to the Risk Factors detailed from time to time in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 22, 2020. Because of these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions, undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements. In addition, these statements speak only as of the date of this press release and, except as may be required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.

Enbridge Reports Strong Second Quarter CALGARY, AB, July 29, 2020 /PRNewswire/ - Enbridge Inc. (Enbridge or the Company) (TSX: ENB) (NYSE: ENB) today reported second quarter 2020 financial results and provided a quarterly business update. Second Quarter 2020 Highlights(all financial figures are unaudited and in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted) GAAP earnings of $1,647 million or $0.82 earnings per common share, compared with GAAP earnings of $1,736 million or $0.86 per common share in 2019 Adjusted earnings were $1,133 million or $0.56 per common share, compared with $1,349 million or $0.67 per common share in 2019 Adjusted earnings before interest, income tax and depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) were $3,312 million, compared with $3,208 million in 2019 Cash Provided by Operating Activities was $2,416 million, compared with $2,494 million in 2019 Distributable Cash Flow (DCF) was $2,437 million, compared with $2,310 million in 2019 Re-affirmed financial guidance range for 2020 of $4.50 to $4.80 DCF/share Reliably served North American energy needs through continued safe operations during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic To further bolster resiliency, the Company executed several actions to enable $300 million of cost reduction in 2020 Completed 2020 debt funding plan, with more than $14 billion of available liquidity Received regulatory approvals on the Algonquin Gas Transmission and B.C. Pipeline uncontested rate settlements Secured the F camp offshore wind farm in France, a 500 MW facility underpinned by a long-term fixed-price power purchase agreement Sanctioned four growth projects in Gas Distribution and Storage to reinforce the distribution network and expand storage capacity at the Dawn hub Progressing execution of $11 billion secured capital program Successfully completed Line 3 Minnesota Public Utilities Commission (MPUC) Petition for Reconsideration process; Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA) progressing towards November 14th permitting milestone Regulatory review process established by the Canada Energy Regulator (CER) for the Mainline Contract application; Enbridge responded to initial Information Requests demonstrating clear benefits to the public and shippers CEO COMMENT - Al Monaco, President and Chief Executive Officer "The COVID-19 pandemic has had an unprecedented impact on our society, our economies and the global energy industry. At Enbridge, we responded quickly and effectively to ensure safe and uninterrupted energy delivery to our customers across North America while protecting the health of our people. As COVID unfolded early in the year, we enacted plans to further bolster our operational and financial strength to protect against a prolonged downturn, and to mitigate the impact of lower throughput on our liquids Mainline system. We have weathered the near-term effects of the pandemic on our business well - and I'm very proud of the entire Enbridge team and how we have met the challenge. "Over the last three years we have been focused on building an even more resilient business, which put us in a strong position coming into 2020, pre-COVID. We've materially diversified the business mix to natural gas, sold our gas gathering and processing business and significantly reduced leverage while moving to an equity self-funding model. We have also simplified our corporate structure, reduced overhead and successfully executed $30 billion of capital projects. "This year we're taking additional action to further reinforce our financial strength and flexibility. We took advantage of strong debt markets to raise $6.9 billion of capital at attractive rates, which addresses our 2020 growth capital needs, and available liquidity has been increased to $14 billion, which means we don't need to access the capital markets through 2021. We also have now fully enabled cost reductions for 2020. "In the face of the worst energy downturn our industry has ever experienced, the strength and resilience of our assets was demonstrated once again in the second quarter, with solid financial results. We achieved DCF per share of $1.21, which exceeded our expectations for the second quarter and for the first half of the year. While there will be headwinds in the second half of 2020, which will temper favourable first half results, we expect to achieve our full year guidance range of $4.50 to $4.80 DCF per share. "All of our business units performed well and contributed to the strong second quarter results. Most notably, Gas Transmission along with Gas Distribution and Storage both saw high utilization and favorable decisions on rates. In Liquids Pipelines, Mainline throughput was about 400 thousand barrels per day lower than our first quarter results however, throughput has been improving steadily and in-line with our expectations. This trend reflects the strong competitive position of the Midwest and Gulf Coast refineries that take Canadian heavy barrels off of our system. "Despite the COVID disruption, we've made good progress on our strategic priorities this quarter. We are progressing our $11 billion secured capital program, including Line 3 in Minnesota, where we've now completed the regulatory process related to the Environmental Impact Statement, Certificate of Need and Route Permit. And, the Pollution Control Agency has established a firm timeline to finalize construction permits by November 14th. "This quarter we sanctioned $1 billion of newly secured growth projects comprised of four gas utility projects and another European offshore wind project. Our Mainline contract application review is also in full swing; the CER issued a hearing order outlining the key steps in the process and we're providing evidence that demonstrates the value that Mainline contracting will deliver to customers and to ensure the value of western Canadian resources are maximized. "In summary, the first half 2020 performance has been stronger than expected, highlighting the resiliency of our business and our ability to deliver solid results in difficult market conditions. We remain focused on executing our secured capital program, which combined with growth embedded within our business, is expected to deliver 5 to 7% annual DCF per share growth through 2022." FINANCIAL RESULTS REVIEW AND 2020 FINANCIAL OUTLOOK Financial results for three and six months ended June 30, 2020, are summarized in the table below: Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts; number of shares in millions) GAAP Earnings attributable to common shareholders 1,647 1,736 218 3,627 GAAP Earnings per common share 0.82 0.86 0.11 1.80 Cash provided by operating activities 2,416 2,494 5,225 4,670 Adjusted EBITDA1 3,312 3,208 7,075 6,977 Adjusted Earnings1 1,133 1,349 2,801 2,989 Adjusted Earnings per common share1 0.56 0.67 1.39 1.48 Distributable Cash Flow1 2,437 2,310 5,143 5,068 Weighted average common shares outstanding 2,019 2,018 2,019 2,017 1 Non-GAAP financial measures. Schedules reconciling adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings, adjusted earnings per common share and distributable cash flow are available as Appendices to this news release. GAAP earnings attributable to common shareholders for the second quarter of 2020 decreased by $89 million or $0.04 per share compared with the same period in 2019. The period-over-period comparability of earnings attributable to common shareholders was impacted by certain unusual, infrequent factors or other non-operating factors, which are noted in the reconciliation schedule included in Appendix A of this news release. Adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter of 2020 increased by $104 million compared with the same period in 2019.The increase was driven by strong utilization in our Gas pipelines and utility, incremental earnings from positive rate settlements on Texas Eastern, contributions from new assets that were placed into service throughout 2019 and the first quarter of 2020 and Energy Services profits from favourable storage opportunities. These positive business factors were partially offset by lower earnings from Liquids Pipelines due to lower Mainline throughput related to COVID-19 and the absence of contributions from the federally regulated Canadian natural gas gathering and processing business sold on December 31, 2019. Adjusted earnings in the second quarter of 2020 decreased by $216 million and on a per share basis by $0.11. The decrease was primarily driven by a reduction in capitalized interest and higher depreciation from new assets placed into service throughout 2019, primarily on the Canadian Line 3 replacement program, where the Company is currently earning an interim surcharge until the U.S. portion of Line 3 is completed. DCF for the second quarter was $2,437 million, an increase of $127 million over the second quarter of 2019 driven largely by the net impact of the operating factors noted above as well as lower maintenance capital due to timing of spend in light of COVID-19. These factors are discussed in detail under Distributable Cashflow. Detailed segmented financial information and analysis for the second quarter of 2020 can be found below under Adjusted EBITDA by Segments. Re-affirming 2020 Financial Guidance Based on its solid performance in the first half and the outlook for the second half, the Company still expects to generate DCF within our original guidance range of $4.50 to $4.80 per share. The Company's outperformance in the first half of the year is expected to be offset by headwinds unique to the second half of 2020. These include the pace and magnitude of recovery in Mainline throughput, a catch up in enterprise-wide maintenance spending consistent with 2020 guidance, lower revenues on the Texas Eastern system due to temporary operating capacity restrictions, and a lower contribution from Energy Services. In addition, the Company continues to expect a favourable U.S. dollar exchange rate which will benefit unhedged cash flows, low interest rates and related financing costs, and the realization of company-wide actions to reduce costs in 2020. In the first quarter update, the Company provided a revised outlook for Mainline volumes due to the rapid decline in refined products demand brought about by COVID-19, and the resulting cuts to crude oil refining demand. The Company forecasted Mainline volumes to decline by 400 to 600 thousand barrels per day (kbpd) for the second quarter, and an average of 300 kbpd for the last nine months of the year from average expected annual throughput of 2.84 million barrels per day (mbpd). Actual Mainline throughput for the quarter was 2.44 mbpd, which reflects a slightly faster pace of recovery in demand for refined products and higher refinery utilizations, particularly in the U.S. Midwest. Over the balance of 2020, the Company anticipates a continued but gradual recovery in demand, consistent with our throughput guidance, as travel and border restrictions are lifted and mobility returns to North America. This view is supported by our expectation that the refineries operating in Enbridge's core Mainline system markets (i.e. the United States Midwest, Ontario, Quebec and the United States Gulf Coast) will continue to experience higher utilization rates given their scale, complexity and cost competitiveness. The Company continues to expect that Mainline volumes will be under utilized by 200-400 kbpd in the third quarter and 100-300 kbpd in the fourth quarter, and return to full utilization in early 2021. BUSINESS PERFORMANCE AND STRATEGIC PRIORITIES UPDATE Executing on $11 billion of Secured Growth Capital The Company now has an inventory of approximately $11 billion of secured projects at various stages of execution, including $0.3 billion of new projects announced in Gas Distribution and Storage and $0.7 billion in Renewable Power during the second quarter. Approximately $5 billion of the $11 billion secured growth capital remains to be spent through 2022, net of anticipated project level financing provided by third parties. Details on these newly secured projects are outlined in the "business updates" sections below. Overall, these secured projects are scheduled to come into service between 2020 and 2023 and once placed in service will provide approximately $2.5 billion of incremental cash flows and drive highly transparent growth over the near to medium term horizon. The individual projects that make up the secured program are supported by long-term take-or-pay contracts, cost-of-service frameworks or similar low risk commercial arrangements and are diversified across a wide range of business platforms and regulatory jurisdictions. During the second quarter, the Company has continued to advance the execution of several secured projects, while assuring that COVID-19 precautionary measures are in place to protect the health of construction crews. Execution progress includes: Completed Phase 1 of the Express Pipeline Expansion, adding 25 kbpd of capacity. Progressing construction of the $1.0 billion T-South reliability and expansion project, with over $30 million in spending directly benefiting indigenous affiliated companies. The project is on target for a phased in-service date during 2021. Received FERC authorization to proceed with the $0.2 billion Cameron Extension project, which will connect Texas Eastern to Venture Global's Calcasieu Pass LNG facility. The project is expected to commence construction in 2020. The $0.9 billion Saint Nazaire French offshore wind project is advancing as planned with major contractors selected and fabrication of key project components underway. Advancing planned Mainline System optimizations enabling approximately 50 kbpd of incremental throughput Liquids Pipeline Update Mainline Contracting In May 2020, the CER announced its plans to immediately commence the regulatory review of the Company's application to implement contracts on the Liquids Canadian Mainline System. The proposed contract offering will replace the current Competitive Toll Settlement (CTS) that is in place until it expires on June 30, 2021. The CER issued a hearing order outlining the timelines for the regulatory review process which includes two rounds of intervenor information requests, written evidence and Enbridge's replies, concluding in April 2021. The Company expects an oral hearing to occur sometime after April 2021, but a hearing date has not yet been set. If a replacement agreement is not in place by June 30, 2021, the CTS tolls will continue on an interim basis. During the second quarter, Enbridge responded to its first round of information requests from the CER. The evidence further supports our view that the proposed tolls meet the regulators fair return standards and that the contract offering will serve the public interest. The Mainline contract offering supports the best netbacks for Western Canadian producers, thereby maximizing the value of Western Canadian crude. This is achieved by providing the lowest toll into the best markets and securing long-term demand for Canadian heavy and light barrels. Line 3 Replacement The $9 billion Line 3 Replacement Project is a critical integrity replacement project that will enhance the continued safe and reliable operations of our Mainline System well into the future and reflects the importance of protecting the environment. In December of 2019, the Company placed the $5 billion Canadian segment of the pipeline replacement into service, with an interim surcharge of US$0.20 per barrel. On the U.S. segment of the project, in the second quarter the MPUC issued its final order to approve the final environmental impact statement (FEIS) and reinstate the Certificate of Need and Route Permit, and subsequently denied all related petitions for reconsideration. This critical milestone substantially concludes the regulatory process and allows for construction of the pipeline, which is expected to take 6 to 9 months, following the issuance of required State and Federal permits. The MPCA released a draft of the revised 401 Water Quality Certificate permit in February 2020. Following a public comment period, the MPCA announced on June 3, 2020 that it will conduct a contested case hearing regarding the 401 Water Quality Certificate permit. This contested case will be focused on construction methods at water crossings and the appropriate measurement of environmental impacts, rather than route and need for the project, which has already been determined by the MPUC. The contested case hearing is scheduled for August 24-28, 2020, followed by the Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) issuing their report on October 16, 2020. The ALJ's contested case hearing schedule confirms that in order to maintain jurisdiction the MPCA is required by the Clean Water Act to make a final decision regarding the 401 certification by November 14, 2020. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) and the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources (DNR) permitting processes are ongoing and continue to progress in parallel. At this time, Enbridge cannot determine when all necessary permits to commence construction will be issued and as such has not provided an update to the in-service date for Line 3. Line 5 Dual Pipelines Great Lake Tunnel Project As part of Enbridge's agreement with the State of Michigan, the Company plans to replace its existing Line 5 dual pipelines at the Straits of Mackinac with a pipeline secured in a state-of-the-art tunnel under the Straits. The Michigan Courts have now twice confirmed the constitutionality of the legislation underpinning the agreements and the State of Michigan did not file for leave to appeal to the Supreme Court of Michigan within the requisite time period so this lawsuit has concluded. This project will make a safe pipeline even safer, demonstrating our ongoing commitment to protect Michigan and the Great Lakes' natural resource. The Company has completed an extensive geotechnical investigation and the engineering design of the tunnel continues to progress on schedule. Enbridge has filed for all major regulatory and environmental permits, including the joint permit application (JPA) with the Michigan Department of Environment, Great Lakes and Energy (EGLE) and the Army Corps. The JPA covers wetlands and waterway permit requirements from both state and federal agencies and allows for concurrent review of the application by both agencies. In addition, the Company filed a regulatory application to the Michigan Public Service Commission for replacement of the Line 5 pipeline into a tunnel. The Commission has scheduled a public hearing date for August 24, 2020. Upon receipt of all required permits Enbridge will begin construction of the Line 5 tunnel. Construction and commissioning of the tunnel and pipeline is expected to be completed in late 2024. East Segment - Line 5 On June 18, 2020, during seasonal maintenance work on Line 5, Enbridge discovered that a screw anchor support had shifted from its original position on the east segment of the dual Straits crossing pipelines. As a preliminary precaution, both the east and west segment of the crossing were immediately shut down and the Company promptly notified the State and its federal regulator, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA). Following the identification of the shifted anchor, the Company assessed the parallel west segment and the inspections confirmed that the west segment of the crossing is safe and fit for service. PHMSA was notified prior to normal operations commencing on the west segment of Line 5 on June 20, 2020 and did not object to the re-start. Despite the Company following standard protocol and being in full compliance with its 1953 easement, the west segment was subsequently shut down on June 25, 2020 for five days due to a Temporary Restraining Order issued by the Michigan Circuit Court. On July 1, the Temporary Restraining Order was amended allowing Enbridge to resume service of the west segment and perform an in-line inspection which reconfirmed that the line is safe to operate as there was no damage to the pipeline. The east segment of Line 5 remains shut down as we work with the PHMSA to ensure all safety assessments are complete prior to restarting the east segment of Line 5. Gas Transmission and Midstream Update The Company has made several advancements on the regulatory front, further optimizing the base business by ensuring fair and timely cost recovery through rate proceedings. Following on the successful Texas Eastern settlement in the first quarter, the Company received approval from the FERC of its uncontested rate settlement on its Algonquin Gas Transmission pipeline, and approval by the CER of our uncontested rate settlement on the B.C. Pipeline, during the second quarter, resulting in a good outcome for both Enbridge and shippers. The Company has also initiated rate proceedings on East Tennessee Natural Gas and the U.S portions of both the Alliance Pipeline and the Maritimes & Northeast Pipeline. On May 4, 2020, a rupture occurred on Line 10, a 30-inch natural gas pipeline that makes up part of the Texas Eastern natural gas pipeline system in Fleming County, Kentucky. There were no reported injuries or damaged structures as a result of the rupture. Texas Eastern crews isolated all three pipelines in this corridor as part of the initial incident response and investigation. The Line 25 36-inch pipeline has since been returned to service. The National Transportation Safety Board is working with the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) and Enbridge to investigate the incident. On June 1, 2020, the PHMSA issued an amendment to the Lincoln County Corrective Action Order (CAO) addressing the Fleming County rupture. Texas Eastern is currently performing precautionary integrity assessments in compliance with the CAO and the Company is focused on restoring the pipeline to full service by the winter heating season. Gas Distribution and Storage Update The Company announced today that it is proceeding with $0.3 billion of utility growth capital expenditures including regulated rate base system reinforcements and an enhancement of its unregulated storage facilities at Dawn, Ontario. These projects are expected to come into service between 2021 and 2023. In May, Enbridge Gas Inc. (EGI) received a positive decision on its 2020 rate filing from the Ontario Energy Board which included approval of 2020 rates and the funding of two discrete incremental capital investments through the incremental capital funding (ICM) mechanism with a total capital cost of $0.1 billion. The ICM mechanism is a regulatory tool that allows for recovery of the revenue requirement for certain incremental capital additions, beyond what is funded through previously approved rates. This 2020 filing represents the second year of a five-year incentive rate structure. The Company continues to advance the capture of synergies from the amalgamation of Enbridge Gas Distribution Inc. and Union Gas Limited. Renewable Power Update Enbridge has investments in 24 facilities in North America and now has several investments in offshore wind projects in Europe, both in the development stage as well as operational. In June of 2020, the Company announced that it is moving forward with the 500 MW F camp offshore wind farm, which is comprised of 71 wind turbines off the coast of northwest France, providing annual electricity to meet the power needs for 770,000 people. Enbridge has a 35% interest in the project (17.9% after completion of the CPP Investment transaction discussed below) with partners EDF Renewables and wpd holding the remaining interest. The total project capital cost is estimated to be EUR2 billion, of which the majority will be financed through non-recourse project level debt. The project is underpinned by a 20-year fixed price power purchase agreement with the French State and project commissioning is expected in 2023. In the first quarter, Enbridge announced the execution of agreements whereby 49% of an entity that holds Enbridge's 50% interest in olien Maritime France SAS (EMF) will be sold to CPP Investments. The Company's investment in F camp is held through its 50% interest in EMF. Completion of the transaction is subject to customary regulatory approvals and is anticipated to close in the fourth quarter of 2020. STRONG FINANCIAL POSITION AND SELF FUNDING MODEL INTACT The Company has exited the second quarter in a strong financial position with over $14 billion of liquidity and having completed its 2020 funding plan. The equity-self funding model remains intact and debt to EBITDA is expected to remain comfortably well-within the target range of 4.5x to 5.0x for the full year. The Company continued to secure additional debt financing at attractive rates and proceeds from these offerings were primarily used to reduce existing indebtedness and partially fund capital projects. In May, the Company raised $1.3 billion with a dual tranche offering of 5-year and 7-year notes in the Canadian debt capital markets at a weighted average coupon rate of 2.65%. In addition, subsequent to the second quarter, Enbridge raised an additional US$1.0 billion of 60-year hybrid subordinated notes in the United States debt capital markets. These hybrid notes qualify for 50% equity treatment from most rating agencies which further bolsters the Company's financial strength. In late July, the Company successfully renegotiated and extended approximately $10 billion of its 364-day extendible credit facilities to July 2021, with the option of a term out date to July 2022. The above actions have positioned the Company to fund all of our capital projects and any debt maturities through 2021 in the event capital markets are inaccessible. EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP CHANGES The Company is announcing that Executive Vice President & Chief Development Officer, John Whelen, will retire, effective October 31. Over the last 28 years, Mr. Whelen has played a pivotal role in Enbridge's growth and evolution, holding several senior leadership roles in Finance and Corporate Development. From 2014 to 2019, Mr. Whelen held the role of Chief Financial Officer, where he oversaw the financial design and execution of several very significant funding and investment transactions, including Enbridge's $37 Billion acquisition of Spectra. "Along the way John has played a key role in helping build Enbridge's financial foundation and laying the groundwork for our Company's growth and success", said President and CEO Al Monaco. "He will leave a lasting legacy at Enbridge, and we wish him and his family the very best in the future." John's role will be filled by current members of our Executive Leadership Team. Matthew Akman will continue in his role as Senior Vice President, Strategy and Power, and Allen Capps will expand his corporate development portfolio to include our energy marketing business as Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Energy Services. Both Mr. Akman and Mr. Capps will report directly to Al Monaco, President and Chief Executive Officer effective September 15. SECOND QUARTER 2020 FINANCIAL RESULTS The following table summarizes the Company's GAAP reported results for segment EBITDA, earnings attributable to common shareholders, and cash provided by operating activities for the second quarter of 2020. GAAP SEGMENT EBITDA AND CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Liquids Pipelines 2,340 1,992 3,190 4,064 Gas Transmission and Midstream 950 941 (104) 1,961 Gas Distribution and Storage 383 390 987 1,052 Renewable Power Generation 163 94 283 218 Energy Services (99) 221 22 227 Eliminations and Other 261 107 (705) 355 EBITDA 3,998 3,745 3,673 7,877 Earnings attributable to common shareholders 1,647 1,736 218 3,627 Cash provided by operating activities 2,416 2,494 5,225 4,670 For purposes of evaluating performance, the Company makes adjustments for unusual, infrequent or other non-operating factors to GAAP reported earnings, segment EBITDA, and cash flow provided by operating activities, which allow Management and investors to more accurately compare the Company's performance across periods, normalizing for factors that are not indicative of underlying business performance. Tables incorporating these adjustments follow below. Schedules reconciling EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA by segment, adjusted earnings, adjusted earnings per share and DCF to their closest GAAP equivalent are provided in the Appendices to this news release. DISTRIBUTABLE CASH FLOW Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts) Liquids Pipelines 1,744 1,766 3,663 3,495 Gas Transmission and Midstream 975 936 2,072 1,976 Gas Distribution and Storage 406 390 1,015 1,083 Renewable Power Generation 150 100 268 223 Energy Services 86 88 73 264 Eliminations and Other (49) (72) (16) (64) Adjusted EBITDA1,3 3,312 3,208 7,075 6,977 Maintenance capital (135) (269) (339) (448) Interest expense1 (709) (662) (1,420) (1,346) Current income tax1 (134) (53) (242) (211) Distributions to noncontrolling interests1 (88) (54) (164) (100) Cash distributions in excess of equity earnings1 210 189 282 283 Preference share dividends (94) (96) (190) (191) Other receipts of cash not recognized in revenue2 81 33 132 86 Other non-cash adjustments (6) 14 9 18 DCF3 2,437 2,310 5,143 5,068 Weighted average common shares outstanding 2,019 2,018 2,019 2,017 1 Presented net of adjusting items. 2 Consists of cash received net of revenue recognized for contracts under make-up rights and similar deferred revenue arrangements. 3 Schedules reconciling adjusted EBITDA and DCF are available as Appendices to this news release. Second quarter 2020 DCF increased $127 million compared with the same period of 2019. Key performance drivers of quarter-over-quarter increase included: Growth in adjusted EBITDA was driven by strong utilization in our Gas pipelines and utility, incremental earnings from positive rate settlements on Texas Eastern, contributions from new assets that were placed into service throughout 2019 and the first quarter of 2020 and Energy Services profits from favourable storage opportunities. These positive business factors were partially offset by lower earnings from Liquids Pipelines due to lower Mainline throughput related to COVID-19 and the absence of contributions from the federally regulated Canadian natural gas gathering and processing business sold on December 31, 2019. For further detail on business performance refer to Adjusted EBITDA by Segments. Lower maintenance capital due to timing of spend in light of COVID-19 mobility restrictions. Higher interest expense due to a combination of additional new debt incurred to fund capital expenditures as well as a reduction in capitalized interest associated with the Canadian portion of Line 3 placed into service in December 2019, partially offset by lower rates on short-term and newly issued long-term notes. Higher current income tax due to higher minimum US tax and timing of recognition of newly enacted Canadian tax legislation that came into effect in the second half of 2019. Higher cash distributions in excess of equity earnings due to both timing of distributions and new assets placed into service, including Gray Oak crude oil pipeline and Hohe See Offshore Wind Project; partially offset by a 50% distribution cut at DCP Midstream, LP (DCP Midstream). ADJUSTED EARNINGS Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts) Adjusted EBITDA2 3,312 3,208 7,075 6,977 Depreciation and amortization (949) (842) (1,831) (1,682) Interest expense1 (695) (643) (1,391) (1,311) Income taxes1 (404) (279) (855) (767) Noncontrolling interests1 (37) 1 (7) (37) Preference share dividends (94) (96) (190) (191) Adjusted earnings2 1,133 1,349 2,801 2,989 Adjusted earnings per common share 0.56 0.67 1.39 1.48 1 Presented net of adjusting items. 2 Schedules reconciling adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings are available as Appendices to this news release. Adjusted earnings decreased $216 million and adjusted earnings per share decreased $0.11 compared with the first quarter in 2019. Growth in adjusted EBITDA was driven by the same factors impacting business performance and adjusted EBITDA as discussed under Distributable Cash Flow above, partially offset by the following factors: Higher depreciation and amortization expense as a result of new assets placed into service throughout 2019, primarily on Line 3 Canada which entered service in December 2019. Higher interest expense due to debt issued to fund new growth capital as well as a reduction in capitalized interest associated with the Canadian portion of Line 3, partially offset by lower rates on short-term debt and newly issued long-term notes. Higher income taxes primarily due to higher minimum US tax and timing of recognition of newly enacted Canadian tax legislation that came into effect in the second half of 2019. ADJUSTED EBITDA BY SEGMENTS Adjusted EBITDA by segment is reported on a Canadian dollar basis. Adjusted EBITDA generated from U.S. dollar denominated businesses was translated at a higher average Canadian dollar exchange rate in the second quarter of 2020 (C$1.39/US$) when compared with the corresponding 2019 period (C$1.34/US$). A portion of the U.S. dollar earnings is hedged under the Company's enterprise-wide financial risk management program. The offsetting hedge settlements are reported within Eliminations and Other. LIQUIDS PIPELINES Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Mainline System1 969 950 2,076 1,914 Regional Oil Sands System 199 203 410 430 Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent System 257 265 501 481 Other2 319 348 676 670 Adjusted EBITDA3 1,744 1,766 3,663 3,495 Operating Data (average deliveries thousands of bpd) Mainline System - ex-Gretna volume4 2,439 2,661 2,641 2,689 Regional Oil Sands System5 1,399 1,818 1,632 1,785 International Joint Tariff (IJT)6 $4.21 $4.15 $4.21 $4.15 1 Mainline System includes the Canadian Mainline and the Lakehead System, which were previously reported separately. 2 Included within Other are Southern Lights Pipeline, Express-Platte System, Bakken System and Feeder Pipelines & Other. 3 Schedules reconciling adjusted EBITDA are provided in the Appendices to this news release. 4 Mainline System throughput volume represents mainline system deliveries ex-Gretna, Manitoba which is made up of United States and eastern Canada deliveries originating from Western Canada. 5 Volumes are for the Athabasca mainline, Athabasca Twin, Waupisoo Pipeline and Woodland Pipeline and exclude laterals on the Regional Oil Sands System. 6 The IJT benchmark toll and its components are set in U.S. dollars and the majority of the Company's foreign exchange risk on the Canadian portion of the Mainline is hedged. The Canadian portion of the Mainline represents approximately 45% of total Mainline System revenue and the average effective FX rate for the Canadian portion of the Mainline during the second quarter of 2020 was C$1.17/US$ (Q2 2019: C$1.19/US$). The U.S. portion of the Mainline System is subject to FX translation similar to the Company's other U.S. based businesses, which are translated at the average spot rate for a given period. A portion of this U.S. dollar translation exposure is hedged under the Company's enterprise-wide financial risk management program. The offsetting hedge settlements are reported within Eliminations and Other. Liquids Pipelines adjusted EBITDA decreased $22 million compared to the second quarter of 2019 primarily as a result of the following factors: Mainline System contributions was negatively impacted by reduced utilization rates, with ex-Gretna throughput down on average 222 kbpd, driven by the impact of COVID-19 on supply and demand for oil and related products; this was more than offset by a higher IJT Benchmark Toll and contributions from the Canadian Line 3 Replacement (L3R) Program that was placed into service on December 1, 2019 with an interim surcharge on Mainline System volumes of US$0.20 per barrel. Regional Oil Sands contributions were consistent despite the decrease in delivery volumes which is largely due to the majority of the assets being contracted under take-or-pay arrangements. Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent System was slightly down due to lower period-over-period throughput on the Seaway Crude Pipeline driven by the impact of COVID-19 on the Gulf Coast demand and lower Flanagan South Pipeline throughput. Other decreased due to lower throughput on our Bakken Pipeline System driven by the impact of lower prices and COVID-19 on supply and demand for oil and products. GAS TRANSMISSION AND MIDSTREAM Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) US Gas Transmission1 791 672 1,655 1,417 Canadian Gas Transmission1 105 164 243 352 US Midstream 35 51 80 103 Other 44 49 94 104 Adjusted EBITDA2 975 936 2,072 1,976 1 US Gas Transmission includes the Canadian portion of the Maritimes & Northeast Pipeline which was previously included in Canadian Gas Transmission. The comparable 2019 adjusted EBITDA has been restated to reflect this change. 2 Schedules reconciling adjusted EBITDA are available as Appendices to this news release. Gas Transmission and Midstream adjusted EBITDA increased $39 million compared to the second quarter of 2019 primarily due to the following factors: US Gas Transmission adjusted EBITDA increased primarily due to higher revenues from Texas Eastern resulting from the recent rate settlement and contributions from the Stratton Ridge project and the second phase of the Atlantic Bridge project that were placed into service in the third and fourth quarters of 2019, respectively; partly offset by higher operating costs. Canadian Gas Transmission adjusted EBITDA decreased primarily due to the absence of contributions from federally regulated Canadian gas gathering and processing assets that were sold on December 31, 2019. Further, contributions from the Alliance Pipeline and Aux Sable are also lower driven by narrowed AECO-Chicago basis and lower commodity prices impacting fractionation margins, respectively. GAS DISTRIBUTION AND STORAGE Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Enbridge Gas Inc. (EGI) 385 373 959 1,015 Other 21 17 56 68 Adjusted EBITDA1 406 390 1,015 1,083 Operating Data EGI Volumes (billions of cubic feet) 351 340 989 1,059 Number of active customers (thousands)2 3,750 3,723 Heating degree days3 Actual 606 593 2,333 2,639 Forecast based on normal weather4 516 516 2,439 2,438 1 Schedules reconciling adjusted EBITDA are available as Appendices to this news release. 2 Number of active customers is the number of natural gas consuming customers at the end of the reported period. 3 Heating degree days is a measure of coldness that is indicative of volumetric requirements for natural gas utilized for heating purposes in EGI's distribution franchise areas. 4 Normal weather is the weather forecast by EGI in its legacy rate zones, using the forecasting methodologies approved by the Ontario Energy Board. Gas Distribution and Storage adjusted EBITDA will typically follow a seasonal profile. It is generally highest in the first and fourth quarters of the year reflecting greater volumetric demand during the heating season. The magnitude of the seasonal EBITDA fluctuations will vary from year-to-year reflecting the impact of colder or warmer than normal weather on distribution volumes. Gas Distribution and Storage adjusted EBITDA increased $16 million compared to the second quarter of 2019 primarily due to: Colder weather experienced in our franchise service areas which led to higher utilization. When compared with the normal weather forecast embedded in rates, the colder weather in the second quarter of 2020 positively impacted EBITDA by approximately $22 million (Q2 2019: ~$19 million); and Higher distribution revenues resulting from increases in rates and customer base growth, as well as synergy capture realized from the amalgamation of Enbridge Gas Distribution Inc. and Union Gas Limited. The positive business factors above were partially offset by the absence of earnings in 2020 from Enbridge Gas New Brunswick and St. Lawrence Gas Company, Inc. which were sold on October 1, 2019, and November 1, 2019, respectively. RENEWABLE POWER GENERATION Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Adjusted EBITDA1 150 100 268 223 1 Schedules reconciling adjusted EBITDA are available as Appendices to this news release. Renewable Power Generation adjusted EBITDA increased $50 million compared to second quarter of 2019 primarily due to: Stronger wind resources at United States wind facilities; Contributions from the Hohe See Offshore Wind Project, which reached full operating capacity in October 2019, and the Albatros expansion, which was placed into service in January 2020; and Reimbursements received at certain Canadian wind facilities resulting from a change in operator. These factors were partially offset by higher mechanical repair costs at certain United States wind facilities. ENERGY SERVICES Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Adjusted EBITDA1 86 88 73 264 1 Schedules reconciling adjusted EBITDA are available as Appendices to this news release. Energy Services adjusted EBITDA decreased $2 million compared to the second quarter of 2019 as a result of compression of location and quality differentials in certain markets which lead to fewer opportunities to achieve profitable margins on capacity obligations, partially offset by favorable storage opportunities. ELIMINATIONS AND OTHER Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Operating and administrative recoveries 29 (11) 108 52 Realized foreign exchange hedge settlements (78) (61) (124) (116) Adjusted EBITDA1 (49) (72) (16) (64) 1 Schedules reconciling adjuted EBITDA are available as Appendices to this news release. Operating and administrative recoveries captured in this segment reflect the cost of centrally delivered services (including depreciation of corporate assets) inclusive of amounts recovered from business units for the provision of those services. Also, as previously noted, U.S. dollar denominated earnings within the segment results are translated at average foreign exchange rates during the quarter. The offsetting impact of settlements made under the Company's enterprise foreign exchange hedging program are captured in this segment. Eliminations and Other adjusted EBITDA increased $23 million compared with the second quarter of 2019. Key quarter-over-quarter performance drivers included: Lower operating and administrative costs as a result of cost containment actions, as well as timing related to the recovery of certain operating and administrative costs allocated to the business segments offset by Higher realized foreign exchange settlement losses primarily due to a wider spread between the average exchange rate of $1.39 for the second quarter of 2020 (Q2 2019:$1.34) and the second quarter 2020 hedge rate of $1.29 (Q2 2019:$1.24). CONFERENCE CALL Enbridge will host a conference call and webcast on July 29, 2020 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time (7:00 a.m. Mountain Time) to provide an enterprise wide business update and review 2020 second quarter financial results. Analysts, members of the media and other interested parties can access the call toll free at (877) 930-8043 or within and outside North America at (253) 336-7522 using the access code of 5290259#. The call will be audio webcast live at https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/ih678xin. It is recommended that participants dial in or join the audio webcast fifteen minutes prior to the scheduled start time. A webcast replay and podcast will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of the event and a transcript will be posted to the website within 24 hours. The replay will be available for seven days after the call toll-free (855) 859-2056 or within and outside North America at (404) 537-3406 (access code 5290259#). The conference call format will include prepared remarks from the executive team followed by a question and answer session for the analyst and investor community only. Enbridge's media and investor relations teams will be available after the call for any additional questions. DIVIDEND DECLARATION The Company's Board of Directors declared the following quarterly dividends, payable on September 1, 2020, to shareholders of record on August 14, 2020. Dividend per share Common Shares1 $0.81000 Preference Shares, Series A $0.34375 Preference Shares, Series B $0.21340 Preference Shares, Series C2 $0.16779 Preference Shares, Series D $0.27875 Preference Shares, Series F $0.29306 Preference Shares, Series H $0.27350 Preference Shares, Series J US$0.30540 Preference Shares, Series L US$0.30993 Preference Shares, Series N $0.31788 Preference Shares, Series P $0.27369 Preference Shares, Series R $0.25456 Preference Shares, Series 1 US$0.37182 Preference Shares, Series 3 $0.23356 Preference Shares, Series 5 US$0.33596 Preference Shares, Series 7 $0.27806 Preference Shares, Series 9 $0.25606 Preference Shares, Series 113 $0.24613 Preference Shares, Series 134 $0.19019 Preference Shares, Series 15 $0.27500 Preference Shares, Series 17 $0.32188 Preference Shares, Series 19 $0.30625 1 The quarterly dividend per common share was increased 9.8% to $0.81 from $0.738, effective March 1, 2020. 2 The quarterly dividend per share paid on Series C was decreased to $0.16779 from $0.25458 on June 1, 2020 and was increased to $0.25458 from $0.25305 on March 1, 2020, due to reset on a quarterly basis following the date of issuance of the Series C Preference Shares. 3 The quarterly dividend per share paid on Series 11 was decreased to $0.24613 from $0.275 on March 1, 2020, due to the reset of the annual dividend on March 1, 2020, and every five years thereafter. 4 The quarterly dividend per share paid on Series 13 was decreased to $0.19019 from $0.275 on June 1, 2020, due to the reset of the annual dividend on June 1, 2020, and every five years thereafter. FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION Forward-looking information, or forward-looking statements, have been included in this news release to provide information about Enbridge and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including management's assessment of Enbridge and its subsidiaries' future plans and operations. This information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as ''anticipate'', ''expect'', ''project'', ''estimate'', ''forecast'', ''plan'', ''intend'', ''target'', ''believe'', "likely" and similar words suggesting future outcomes or statements regarding an outlook. Forward-looking information or statements included or incorporated by reference in this document include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the following: Enbridge's corporate vision and strategy, including strategic priorities and enablers; 2020 financial guidance; the COVID-19 pandemic and the duration and impact thereof; anticipated reductions in operating costs and deferrals of secured growth capital spend; the expected supply of, demand for and prices of crude oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids, liquified natural gas and renewable energy; anticipated utilization of our existing assets, including throughput on the Mainline; expected EBITDA or expected adjusted EBITDA; expected earnings/(loss) or adjusted earnings/(loss); expected earnings/(loss) or adjusted earnings/(loss) per share; expected DCF or DCF per share; expected future cash flows; expected performance of the Company's businesses; expected debt-to-EBITDA ratio; financial strength and flexibility; expectations on sources of liquidity and sufficiency of financial resources; expected costs related to announced projects and projects under construction and for maintenance; expected in-service dates for announced projects and projects under construction; expected capital expenditures; expected future growth and expansion opportunities; expectations about the Company's joint ventures and our partners' ability to complete and finance announced projects and projects under construction; expected closing of acquisitions and dispositions and the timing thereof; expected benefits of transactions, including the realization of efficiencies and synergies; expected future actions of regulators and courts; toll and rate case discussions and filings, including Mainline Contracting and the anticipated benefits thereof; United States Line 3 Replacement Program; Line 5 dual pipelines and related matters; Line 10 of the Texas Eastern system; interest rates; and exchange rates. Although Enbridge believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable based on the information available on the date such statements are made and processes used to prepare the information, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and readers are cautioned against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements. By their nature, these statements involve a variety of assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results, levels of activity and achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Material assumptions include assumptions about the following: the COVID-19 pandemic and the duration and impact thereof; anticipated reductions in operating costs and deferrals of secured growth; the expected supply of and demand for crude oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGL) and renewable energy; prices of crude oil, natural gas, NGL and renewable energy, including the current weakness and volatility of such prices; anticipated utilization of our existing assets; exchange rates; inflation; interest rates; availability and price of labour and construction materials; operational reliability; customer and regulatory approvals; maintenance of support and regulatory approvals for the Company's projects; anticipated in-service dates; weather; the timing and closing of acquisitions and dispositions; the realization of anticipated benefits and synergies of transactions; governmental legislation; litigation; impact of the Company's dividend policy on its future cash flows; credit ratings; capital project funding; hedging program; expected EBITDA or expected adjusted EBITDA; expected earnings/(loss) or adjusted earnings/(loss); expected earnings/(loss) or adjusted earnings/(loss) per share; expected future cash flows and expected future DCF and DCF per share; and estimated future dividends. Assumptions regarding the expected supply of and demand for crude oil, natural gas, NGL and renewable energy, and the prices of these commodities, are material to and underlie all forward-looking statements, as they may impact current and future levels of demand for the Company's services. Similarly, exchange rates, inflation, interest rates and the COVID-19 pandemic impact the economies and business environments in which the Company operates and may impact levels of demand for the Company's services and cost of inputs, and are therefore inherent in all forward-looking statements. Due to the interdependencies and correlation of these macroeconomic factors, the impact of any one assumption on a forward-looking statement cannot be determined with certainty, particularly with respect to expected EBITDA, expected adjusted EBITDA, earnings/(loss), expected adjusted earnings/(loss), expected DCF and associated per share amounts, or estimated future dividends. The most relevant assumptions associated with forward-looking statements regarding announced projects and projects under construction, including estimated completion dates and expected capital expenditures, include the following: the availability and price of labour and construction materials; the effects of inflation and foreign exchange rates on labour and material costs; the effects of interest rates on borrowing costs; the impact of weather and customer, government and regulatory approvals on construction and in-service schedules and cost recovery regimes; and the COVID-19 pandemic and the duration and impact thereof. Enbridge's forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties pertaining to the realization of anticipated benefits and synergies of projects and transactions; successful execution of our strategic priorities, operating performance, the Company's dividend policy, regulatory parameters, changes in regulations applicable to the Company's business, litigation, acquisitions and dispositions and other transactions, project approval and support, renewals of rights-of-way, weather, economic and competitive conditions, public opinion, changes in tax laws and tax rates, changes in trade agreements, political decisions, exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices, supply of and demand for commodities and the COVID-19 pandemic, including but not limited to those risks and uncertainties discussed in this and in the Company's other filings with Canadian and United States securities regulators. The impact of any one risk, uncertainty or factor on a particular forward-looking statement is not determinable with certainty as these are interdependent and Enbridge's future course of action depends on management's assessment of all information available at the relevant time. Except to the extent required by applicable law, Enbridge assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made in this news release or otherwise, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, attributable to Enbridge or persons acting on the Company's behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. ABOUT ENBRIDGE INC.Enbridge Inc. is a leading North American energy infrastructure company. We safely and reliably deliver the energy people need and want to fuel quality of life. Our core businesses include Liquids Pipelines, which transports approximately 25 percent of the crude oil produced in North America; Gas Transmission and Midstream, which transports approximately 20 percent of the natural gas consumed in the U.S.; Gas Distribution and Storage, which serves approximately 3.8 million retail customers in Ontario and Quebec; and Renewable Power Generation, which generates approximately 1,750 MW of net renewable power in North America and Europe. The Company's common shares trade on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges under the symbol ENB. For more information, visit www.enbridge.com. None of the information contained in, or connected to, Enbridge's website is incorporated in or otherwise part of this news release. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT: Enbridge Inc. Media Enbridge Inc. Investment Community Jesse Semko Jonathan Morgan Toll Free: (888) 992-0997 Toll Free: (800) 481-2804 Email: [email protected] Email: [email protected] NON-GAAP RECONCILIATIONS APPENDICES This news release contains references to adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings, adjusted earnings per common share, and DCF. Management believes the presentation of these metrics gives useful information to investors and shareholders as they provide increased transparency and insight into the performance of the Company. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA adjusted for unusual, infrequent or other non-operating factors on both a consolidated and segmented basis. Management uses adjusted EBITDA to set targets and to assess the performance of the Company and its Business Units. Adjusted earnings represent earnings attributable to common shareholders adjusted for unusual, infrequent or other non-operating factors included in adjusted EBITDA, as well as adjustments for unusual, infrequent or other non-operating factors in respect of depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense, income taxes, and noncontrolling interests on a consolidated basis. Management uses adjusted earnings as another measure of the Company's ability to generate earnings. DCF is defined as cash flow provided by operating activities before the impact of changes in operating assets and liabilities (including changes in environmental liabilities) less distributions to noncontrolling interests, preference share dividends and maintenance capital expenditures, and further adjusted for unusual, infrequent or other non-operating factors. Management also uses DCF to assess the performance of the Company and to set its dividend payout target. Reconciliations of forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures are not available due to the challenges and impracticability with estimating some of the items, particularly certain contingent liabilities, and non-cash unrealized derivative fair value losses and gains which are subject to market variability. Because of those challenges, a reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures is not available without unreasonable effort. Our non-GAAP measures described above are not measures that have standardized meaning prescribed by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and are not U.S. GAAP measures. Therefore, these measures may not be comparable with similar measures presented by other issuers. The tables below provide a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures. APPENDIX ANON-GAAP RECONCILIATIONS ADJUSTED EBITDA AND ADJUSTED EARNINGS CONSOLIDATED EARNINGS Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Liquids Pipelines 2,340 1,992 3,190 4,064 Gas Transmission and Midstream 950 941 (104) 1,961 Gas Distribution and Storage 383 390 987 1,052 Renewable Power Generation 163 94 283 218 Energy Services (99) 221 22 227 Eliminations and Other 261 107 (705) 355 EBITDA 3,998 3,745 3,673 7,877 Depreciation and amortization (949) (842) (1,831) (1,682) Interest expense (681) (637) (1,387) (1,322) Income tax expense (591) (436) (42) (1,020) (Earnings)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (36) 2 (5) (35) Preference share dividends (94) (96) (190) (191) Earnings attributable to common shareholders 1,647 1,736 218 3,627 ADJUSTED EBITDA TO ADJUSTED EARNINGS Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts) Liquids Pipelines 1,744 1,766 3,663 3,495 Gas Transmission and Midstream 975 936 2,072 1,976 Gas Distribution and Storage 406 390 1,015 1,083 Renewable Power Generation 150 100 268 223 Energy Services 86 88 73 264 Eliminations and Other (49) (72) (16) (64) Adjusted EBITDA 3,312 3,208 7,075 6,977 Depreciation and amortization (949) (842) (1,831) (1,682) Interest expense (695) (643) (1,391) (1,311) Income tax expense (404) (279) (855) (767) (Earnings)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (37) 1 (7) (37) Preference share dividends (94) (96) (190) (191) Adjusted earnings 1,133 1,349 2,801 2,989 Adjusted earnings per common share 0.56 0.67 1.39 1.48 EBITDA TO ADJUSTED EARNINGS Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts) EBITDA 3,998 3,745 3,673 7,877 Adjusting items: Change in unrealized derivative fair value (gain)/loss - Foreign exchange (1,186) (424) 770 (1,024) Change in unrealized derivative fair value (gain)/loss - Commodity prices 525 (139) 49 122 Equity investment impairment - DCP Midstream 1,736 Equity investment asset and goodwill impairment - DCP Midstream 324 Net inventory adjustment - Energy Services (340) 6 2 (85) Employee severance, transition and transformation costs 268 21 279 65 Texas Eastern re-establishment of EDIT regulated liability 159 Other 47 (1) 83 22 Total adjusting items (686) (537) 3,402 (900) Adjusted EBITDA 3,312 3,208 7,075 6,977 Depreciation and amortization (949) (842) (1,831) (1,682) Interest expense (681) (637) (1,387) (1,322) Income tax expense (591) (436) (42) (1,020) (Earnings)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (36) 2 (5) (35) Preference share dividends (94) (96) (190) (191) Adjusting items in respect of: Interest expense (14) (6) (4) 11 Income tax expense 187 157 (813) 253 (Earnings)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (1) (1) (2) (2) Adjusted earnings 1,133 1,349 2,801 2,989 Adjusted earnings per common share 0.56 0.67 1.39 1.48 APPENDIX B NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION SEGMENTED EBITDA TO ADJUSTED EBITDA LIQUIDS PIPELINES Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Adjusted EBITDA 1,744 1,766 3,663 3,495 Change in unrealized derivative fair value gain/(loss) 616 227 (450) 570 Asset write-down loss (13) (1) (13) (1) Employee severance, transition and transformation costs (7) (7) Other (3) Total adjustments 596 226 (473) 569 EBITDA 2,340 1,992 3,190 4,064 GAS TRANSMISSION AND MIDSTREAM Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Adjusted EBITDA 975 936 2,072 1,976 Equity investment impairment - DCP Midstream (1,736) Equity investment asset and goodwill impairment - DCP Midstream (324) Equity earnings adjustment - DCP Midstream (22) 9 31 (4) Texas Eastern re-establishment of EDIT regulated liability (159) Other (3) (4) 12 (11) Total adjustments (25) 5 (2,176) (15) Earnings/(loss) before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization 950 941 (104) 1,961 GAS DISTRIBUTION AND STORAGE Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited; millions of Canadian dollars) Adjusted EBITDA 406 390 1,015 1,083 Change in unrealized derivative fair value gain/(loss) (15) 4 (9) 8 Employee severance, transition and transformation costs (8) (4) (15) (39) Other (4) Total adjustments (23) (28) (31) EBITDA 383 390 987 1,052 RENEWABLE POWER GENERATION Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Adjusted EBITDA 150 100 268 223 Change in unrealized derivative fair value gain 1 2 2 Disposition - MATL transmission assets 13 13 Other (7) (7) Total adjustments 13 (6) 15 (5) EBITDA 163 94 283 218 ENERGY SERVICES Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Adjusted EBITDA 86 88 73 264 Change in unrealized derivative fair value gain/(loss) (525) 139 (49) (122) Net inventory adjustment 340 (6) (2) 85 Total adjustments (185) 133 (51) (37) Earnings/(loss) before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization (99) 221 22 227 ELIMINATIONS AND OTHER Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Adjusted loss before interest, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization (49) (72) (16) (64) Change in unrealized derivative fair value gain/(loss) 585 192 (313) 444 Change in corporate guarantee obligation (74) Investment write-down loss (43) Employee severance, transition and transformation costs (253) (17) (257) (26) Other (22) 4 (2) 1 Total adjustments 310 179 (689) 419 Earnings/(loss) before interest, income taxes and depreciation and amortization 261 107 (705) 355 APPENDIX CNON-GAAP RECONCILIATION CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES TO DCF Three months endedJune 30, Six months endedJune 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, millions of Canadian dollars) Cash provided by operating activities 2,416 2,494 5,225 4,670 Adjusted for changes in operating assets and liabilities1 91 12 (103) 679 2,507 2,506 5,122 5,349 Distributions to noncontrolling interests4 (88) (54) (164) (100) Preference share dividends (94) (96) (190) (191) Maintenance capital expenditures2 (135) (269) (339) (448) Significant adjusting items: Other receipts of cash not recognized in revenue3 81 33 132 86 Employee severance, transition and transformation costs 268 27 279 71 Distributions from equity investments in excess of cumulative earnings4 176 129 253 190 Other items (278) 34 50 111 DCF 2,437 2,310 5,143 5,068 1 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of recoveries. 2 Maintenance capital expenditures are expenditures that are required for the ongoing support and maintenance of the existing pipeline system or that are necessary to maintain the service capability of the existing assets (including the replacement of components that are worn, obsolete or completing their useful lives). For the purpose of DCF, maintenance capital excludes expenditures that extend asset useful lives, increase capacities from existing levels or reduce costs to enhance revenues or provide enhancements to the service capability of the existing assets. 3 Consists of cash received net of revenue recognized for contracts under make-up rights and similar deferred revenue arrangements. 4 Presented net of adjusting items. SOURCE Enbridge Inc. Related Links http://www.enbridge.com

Avanos Medical Announces FDA Clearance for ON-Q* with Bolus Changes to the current ON Q* pump bolus device reflect feedback from customers and consumers to increase provider and patient satisfaction ALPHARETTA, Ga., April 3, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Avanos Medical, Inc. (NYSE: AVNS), a company focused on delivering clinically superior medical device solutions to improve patients' quality of life, announced today that it has received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 501(k) clearance for its ON-Q* with Bolus pump. The new ON-Q* with Bolus design incorporates improvements that make it simpler for providers and patients to use while reducing postoperative opioid use to achieve pain management. (PRNewsfoto/Avanos Medical, Inc.) Similar to the original ON-Q* pump bolus device, the new ON-Q* Bolus provides customized control for patients recovering from post-surgical pain by delivering continuous, non-opioid medication to the surgical site or peripheral nerves for up to five days.1,2 The bolus pump is ergonomically designed to fit comfortably in the patient's hand with an easy to remove priming tab and large level indicator markings. As an added benefit to surgeons, the new bolus pump design can be used for incisional applications. "The changes we have made to the ON-Q* Bolus pump are a direct result of the feedback we heard from our customers," said Joe Woody, Chief Executive Officer at Avanos. "Non-opioid approaches to pain management continue to be an important issue in the healthcare industry, particularly in light of the opioid crisis. As a leader in non-opioid treatment for acute pain, we are committed to continuously improving our ON-Q* pumps to deliver increased quality of life and satisfaction to all patients." Studies have shown that using bolus rates as low as 3 ml in addition to the basal rate can reduce the total amount of anesthetic needed for pain relief.3 ON-Q* is indicated to significantly reduce opioid use for surgical patients and provide better pain relief than opioids alone, helping patients to get back to normal faster after surgery.2,4-21The new ON-Q* Bolus pump will be available soon. For more information about the ON-Q* Pain Relief System for the management of acute pain, visit avanospainmanagement.com.About Avanos Medical, Inc.Avanos Medical, Inc. (NYSE: AVNS) is a medical technology company focused on delivering clinically superior breakthrough medical device solutions to improve patients' quality of life. Headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia, Avanos is committed to addressing some of today's most important healthcare needs, such as reducing the use of opioids while helping patients move from surgery to recovery. Avanos develops, manufactures and markets its recognized brands in more than 90 countries. For more information, visit avanos.com. References1Abdallah, FW., SH. Halpern, K. Aoyama, and R. Brull. "Will the Real Benefits of Single-Shot Interscalene Block Please Stand Up? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis" National Center for Biotechnology Information. U.S. National Library of Medicine, n.d. Web. 03 May 2016. 2 IFU - The ON-Q* Pain Relief System. Instructions for use.3Ilfeld BM. Continuous Peripheral Nerve Blocks: An Update of the Published Evidence and Comparison with Novel, Alternative Analgesic Modalities. Anesthesia Analgesia 2017; 124: 308-335.4Auyong DB, Allen CJ, Pahang JA, Clabeaux JJ, MacDonald KM, Hanson NA. Reduced length of hospitalization in primary total knee arthroplasty patients using an updated enhanced recovery after orthopedic surgery (ERAS) pathway. J Arthroplasty. 2015;30(10):1705-1709.5Beaussier M, El'Ayoubi H, Schiffer E, et al. Continuous preperitoneal infusion of ropivacaine provides effective analgesia and accelerates recovery after colorectal surgery. Anesthesiology. 2007;107(3):461-468.6Bianconi M, Ferraro L, Traina GC, et al. Pharmacokinetics and efficacy of ropivacaine continuous wound instillation after joint replacement surgery. Br J Anaesth. 2003;91(6):830-835.7Bingham AE, Fu R, Horn JL, Abrahams MS. Continuous peripheral nerve block compared with single-injection peripheral nerve block: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. Reg Anesth Pain Med. 2012;37(6):583-594.8Dine A. Evidence based outcomes review. Continuing review and evaluation for I-Flow Corporation. July 2012.*9Forastiere E, Sofra M, Giannarelli D, Fabrizi L, Simone G. Effectiveness of continuous wound infusion of 0.5% ropivacaine by ON-Q pain relief system for postoperative pain management after open nephrectomy. Br J Anaesth. 2008;101(6):841-847.10Goyal N, McKenzie J, Sharkey PF, Parvizi J, Hozack WJ, Austin MS. The 2012 Chitranjan Ranawat award: intraarticular analgesia after TKA reduces pain: a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, prospective study. Clin Orthop Relat Res. 2013;471(1):64-75.11Liu SS, Richman JM, Thirlby RC, Wu CL. Efficacy of continuous wound catheters delivering local anesthetic for postoperative analgesia: a quantitative and qualitative systematic review of randomized controlled trials. J Am Coll Surg. 2006;203(6):914-932.12Perlas A, Kirkham K, Billing R et al. The impact of analgesic modality on early ambulation following total knee arthroplasty. Reg Anesth Pain Med. 2013;38(4):334-339.13Webb C, Mariano E. Best multimodal analgesic protocol for total knee arthroplasty. Pain Management. 2015;5(3):185-196.14White, Jennifer A., "Improving Patient Satisfaction after Primary Total Knee Arthroplasty Using Nurse Practitioner-Driven Preoperative Education" (2015). Doctoral Theses (2015): Paper 13.15Andersen HL, Gyrn J, Moller L, Christensen B, Dusanka Z. Continuous saphenous nerve block as supplement to single-dose local infiltration analgesia for postoperative pain management after total knee arthroplasty. Reg Anesth Pain Med. 2013;38(2):106-111.16Capdevila X, Barthelet Y, Ryckwaert Y, Rubenovitch J, d'Athis F. Effects of perioperative analgesic technique on the surgical outcome and duration of rehabilitation after major knee surgery. Anesthesiology. 1999;91(1):8-15.17Carli F, Clemente A, Asenjo JF, et al. Analgesia and functional outcome after total knee arthroplasty: periarticular infiltration vs continuous femoral nerve block. Br J Anaesth. 2010;105(2):185-195.18Dowling R, Thielmeier K, Ghaly A, Barber D, Boice T, Dine A. Improved pain control after cardiac surgery: results of a randomized, double-blind, clinical trial. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2003;126(5):1271-1278.*19Ilfeld BM, Ball ST, Gearen PF, et al. Ambulatory continuous posterior lumbar plexus nerve blocks after hip arthroplasty: a dual-center, randomized, triple-masked, placebo-controlled trial. Anesthesiology. 2008;109(3):491-501.20Jaeger P, Nielsen Z, Henningsen MH, Hilsted KL, Mathiesen O, Dahl JB. Adductor canal block versus femoral nerve block and quadriceps strength: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study in healthy volunteers. Anesthesiology. 2013;118(2):409-415.21Mudumbai SC, Kim TE, Howard SK, et al. Continuous adductor canal blocks are superior to continuous femoral nerve blocks in promoting early ambulation after TKA. Clin Orthop Relat Res. 2014;472(5):1377-1383.SOURCE Avanos Medical, Inc. Related Links http://avanos.com

Auburn National Bancorporation Authorizes Stock Repurchase Program AUBURN, Ala., March 10, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. (NASDAQ: AUBN) announced today that the Company s Board of Directors has approved a new stock repurchase program to replace the repurchase program that expires on March 31, 2020. The new program authorizes the repurchase, from time to time, of up to $5 million of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock through March 2021. The stock repurchases may be open-market or private purchases, negotiated transactions, block purchases, and otherwise. The Company is not required to acquire any specific number of shares and may suspend or terminate its share repurchases at any time. The amount and timing of the stock repurchases will be based on various factors, such as management s assessment of the Company s liquidity, the market price of Company common stock compared to management s assessment of such stock s underlying value, and other applicable regulatory, legal and accounting factors. About Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. (the Company ) is the parent company of AuburnBank (the Bank ), with total assets of approximately $828 million. The Bank is an Alabama state-chartered bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System, which has operated continuously since 1907. Both the Company and the Bank are headquartered in Auburn, Alabama. The Bank conducts its business in East Alabama, including Lee County and surrounding areas. The Bank operates 8 full-service branches in Auburn, Opelika, Valley, and Notasulga, Alabama. The Bank also operates loan production offices in Auburn and Phenix City, Alabama. Additional information about the Company and the Bank may be found by visiting www.auburnbank.com . Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including, without limitation, statements about future financial and operating results, costs and revenues, economic conditions in our markets, loan demand, the amounts and timing of stock repurchases, mortgage lending activity, changes in the mix of our earning assets (including those generating tax exempt income) and our deposit and wholesale liabilities, net interest margin, yields on earning assets, securities valuations and performance, interest rates (generally and those applicable to our assets and liabilities), loan performance, nonperforming assets, other real estate owned, provision for loan losses, charge-offs, other-than-temporary impairments, collateral values, credit quality, asset sales, insurance claims, and market trends, as well as statements with respect to our objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. AUTHORIZES STOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAM Forward-looking statements, with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions, involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause the actual results, performance, achievements, or financial condition of the Company or the Bank to be materially different from future results, performance, achievements, or financial condition expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You should not expect us to update any forward-looking statements. All written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice, together with those risks and uncertainties described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and otherwise in our other SEC reports and filings. For additional information, contact: Robert W. Dumas Chairman, President and CEO (334) 821-9200

Celgene Corporation Announces Positive Results from the Pivotal Phase III OPTIMISMM Study of POMALYST/IMNOVID for the Treatment of Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma Study met its primary endpoint demonstrating significant improvement in progression free survival (PFS) with POMALYST /IMNOVID in combination with bortezomib and dexamethasone (PVd) compared with bortezomib and low dose dexamethasone SUMMIT, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ:CELG) today announced that the Phase III, randomized, open-label, international clinical study, OPTIMISMM, achieved its primary endpoint, showing a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in progression-free survival (PFS) for the pomalidomide arm versus the comparator arm. OPTIMISMM evaluated the efficacy and safety of POMALYST/IMNOVID (pomalidomide) plus bortezomib and low-dose dexamethasone (PVd) versus bortezomib and low-dose dexamethasone in patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma. It is the only phase III trial to investigate a triplet combination in patients who have all received prior lenalidomide (REVLIMID ), a population for which there is a growing unmet medical need. The OPTIMISMM results confirm the expanding role of pomalidomide in previously treated multiple myeloma patients, said Paul Richardson, M.D., Clinical Program Leader and Director of Clinical Research, Jerome Lipper Multiple Myeloma Center at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute, RJ Corman Professor of Medicine, Harvard Medical School and principal investigator of the study. We see the PVd combination as an important step in improving care, and especially for patients previously treated with lenalidomide in this setting. In the study, the safety profile was consistent with previously reported data. Detailed data from OPTIMISMM will be presented at future medical meetings. The combination of POMALYST/IMNOVID, bortezomib and low-dose dexamethasone is not currently approved for use. About POMALYST/IMNOVID Indication POMALYST (pomalidomide) is a thalidomide analogue indicated, in combination with dexamethasone, for patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least two prior therapies including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor and have demonstrated disease progression on or within 60 days of completion of the last therapy. Important Safety Information WARNING: EMBRYO-FETAL TOXICITY and VENOUS AND ARTERIAL THROMBOEMBOLISM Embryo-Fetal Toxicity POMALYST is only available through a restricted distribution program called POMALYST REMS .Venous and Arterial Thromboembolism CONTRAINDICATIONS WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS ADVERSE REACTIONS Nearly all patients treated with POMALYST + low-dose dex experienced at least one adverse reaction (99%). The most common adverse reactions ( 15%) included neutropenia (51.3%), fatigue and asthenia (46.7%), upper respiratory tract infection (31%), thrombocytopenia (29.7%), pyrexia (26.7%), dyspnea (25.3%), diarrhea (22%), constipation (21.7%), back pain (19.7%), cough (20%), pneumonia (19.3%), bone pain (18%), edema peripheral (17.3%), peripheral neuropathy (17.3%), muscle spasms (15.3%), and nausea (15%). Grade 3 or 4 adverse reactions ( 15%) included neutropenia (48.3%), thrombocytopenia (22%), and pneumonia (15.7%). DRUG INTERACTIONS Avoid concomitant use of POMALYST with strong inhibitors of CYP1A2. Consider alternative treatments. If a strong CYP1A2 inhibitor must be used, reduce POMALYST dose by 50%. USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS Please see full Prescribing Information, including Boxed WARNINGS. About Celgene Celgene Corporation, headquartered in Summit, New Jersey, is an integrated global biopharmaceutical company engaged primarily in the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies for the treatment of cancer and inflammatory diseases through next-generation solutions in protein homeostasis, immuno-oncology, epigenetics, immunology and neuro-inflammation. For more information, please visit www.celgene.com. Follow Celgene on Social Media: @Celgene, Pinterest, LinkedIn, Facebook and YouTube. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, which are generally statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the words "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "intends," "estimates," "plans," "will," outlook and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on management s current plans, estimates, assumptions and projections, and speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement in light of new information or future events, except as otherwise required by law. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control. Actual results or outcomes may differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements as a result of the impact of a number of factors, many of which are discussed in more detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All registered trademarks are owned by Celgene Corporation.

FDA approves Shire s Motegrity (prucalopride), the only serotonin-4 receptor agonist for adults with Chronic Idiopathic Constipation (CIC) Intended for U.S. Audience FDA approves Shire s Motegrity (prucalopride), the only serotonin-4 receptor agonist for adults with Chronic Idiopathic Constipation (CIC) Unlike other prescription CIC treatments, Motegrity works differently by enhancing natural movements of the colon muscle, known as peristalsis 1,2 Motegrity was shown to help normalize complete spontaneous bowel movement frequency (avg. 3 CSBMs/week over 12 weeks) across five of six controlled clinical studies1 Cambridge, Mass. December 17, 2018 Shire plc (LSE: SHP, NASDAQ: SHPG) has announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Motegrity (prucalopride), a once-daily, oral treatment option for adults with Chronic Idiopathic Constipation (CIC).1 Motegrity, a selective serotonin-4 (5-HT 4 ) receptor agonist, provides a different class of treatment for CIC that works by enhancing colonic peristalsis to increase bowel motility.1-3 Motegrity is expected to launch in 2019 in the United States, where an estimated 35 million adults are living with CIC.4,5* While not all patients may be right for treatment, Motegrity represents an important new option. The approval of Motegrity marks a new day in the treatment of CIC, said Howard Mayer, M.D., Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer, Shire. This significant milestone reinforces our continued commitment to the GI community and advances our goal of addressing the unmet need of patients suffering from rare, specialized and common GI conditions. The efficacy of once-daily treatment with Motegrity was evaluated in six double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, multicenter clinical studies lasting 12 weeks (studies 1-5) or 24 weeks (study 6).1 Of the 2,484 patients, most were female (76%) and Caucasian (76%), with an average age of 47 (+/- 16 years).1 As a gastroenterologist, it s important for me to help patients with CIC find a treatment that works well for them, said Brooks Cash, M.D., Chief of the Division of Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston. It s exciting to be able to now offer my patients a new treatment option that addresses colonic peristalsis. During studies, significantly more patients taking Motegrity achieved the primary endpoint (an average of 3 complete spontaneous bowel movements [CSBMs] per week over 12 weeks, considered normalization of BM frequency) than those in the placebo group (19-38% Motegrity 2 mg vs. 10-20% placebo) across five of six trials. A rapid response was seen with Motegrity as early as week 1, with improvements maintained throughout 12 weeks of treatment.1 The FDA has requested that Shire conduct five post-marketing studies evaluating the pharmacokinetics, efficacy, and safety of Motegrity in pediatric patients with CIC (6 months old to less than 18 years of age) and pregnant and lactating women with CIC treated with Motegrity.6 Motegrity is contraindicated in patients with a history of hypersensitivity to Motegrity. Reactions include dyspnea, rash, pruritus, urticaria, and facial edema have been observed. Motegrity is also contraindicated in patients with intestinal perforation or obstruction due to structural or functional disorder of the gut wall, obstructive ileus, severe inflammatory conditions of the intestinal tract such as Crohn s disease, ulcerative colitis, and toxic megacolon/megarectum.1 In clinical trials, suicides, suicide attempts, and suicidal ideation have been reported. A causal association between treatment with Motegrity and an increased risk of suicidal ideation and behavior has not been established. Monitor all patients treated with Motegrity for persistent worsening of depression or the emergence of suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Counsel patients, their caregivers, and family members of patients to be aware of any unusual changes in mood or behavior and alert the healthcare provider. Instruct patients to discontinue Motegrity immediately and contact their healthcare provider if they experience any of these symptoms.1 Most common adverse reactions ( 2%) are headache, abdominal pain, nausea, diarrhea, abdominal distension, dizziness, vomiting, flatulence and fatigue.1 Overall, discontinuation due to adverse events was low (5% Motegrity 2 mg once daily; 3% placebo). If reported, adverse events of diarrhea or headache typically resolved within a few days.1 In addition, cardiovascular safety was evaluated in a MACE (major adverse cardiovascular events) analysis of the double-blind, placebo-controlled and open-label studies. It was also assessed in a retrospective observational study, which demonstrated no increase in the risk of MACE with Motegrity relative to polyethylene glycol (PEG).1 CIC is a common condition affecting roughly 14% of the adult population.4,5 Symptoms can range from straining and bloating, to infrequent, or incomplete bowel movements.7 While idiopathic by definition (meaning the exact cause is not known), it is believed that CIC may be caused by insufficient movement of the colon muscle.7 Important Safety Information Contraindications Motegrity is contraindicated in patients with: A history of hypersensitivity to Motegrity. Reactions include dyspnea, rash, pruritus, urticaria, and facial edema have been observed. Intestinal perforation or obstruction due to structural or functional disorder of the gut wall, obstructive ileus, severe inflammatory conditions of the intestinal tract such as Crohn s disease, ulcerative colitis, and toxic megacolon/megarectum Warnings and Precautions In clinical trials, suicides, suicide attempts, and suicidal ideation have been reported. A causal association between treatment with Motegrity and an increased risk of suicidal ideation and behavior has not been established. Monitor all patients treated with Motegrity for persistent worsening of depression or the emergence of suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Counsel patients, their caregivers, and family members of patients to be aware of any unusual changes in mood or behavior and alert the healthcare provider. Instruct patients to discontinue Motegrity immediately and contact their healthcare provider if they experience any of these symptoms. Adverse Reactions Most common adverse reactions ( 2%) are headache, abdominal pain, nausea, diarrhea, abdominal distension, dizziness, vomiting, flatulence and fatigue.1 Overall, discontinuation due to adverse events was low (5% Motegrity 2 mg once daily; 3% placebo). If reported, adverse events of diarrhea or headache typically resolved within a few days.1 In addition, cardiovascular safety was evaluated in a MACE (major adverse cardiovascular events) analysis of the double-blind, placebo-controlled and open-label studies. It was also assessed in a retrospective observational study, which demonstrated no increase in the risk of MACE with Motegrity relative to polyethylene glycol (PEG).1 Use in Specific Populations Lactation : Motegrity is present in breast milk. Consider risks and benefits of breastfeeding. Motegrity is present in breast milk. Consider risks and benefits of breastfeeding. Pediatric: Safety and effectiveness in pediatric patients have not been established. Renal Impairment: A decreased dosage is recommended in patients with severe renal impairment. Avoid Motegrity in patients with end stage renal disease requiring dialysis. For additional information, click for full Prescribing Information . For further information please contact: Investor Relations Christoph Brackmann christoph.brackmann@shire.com +41 41 288 41 29 Sun Kim sun.kim@shire.com +1 617 588 8175 Scott Burrows scott.burrows@shire.com +41 41 288 4195 Media Katie Joyce kjoyce@shire.com +1 781 482 2779 NOTES TO EDITORS About Shire Shire is the global biotechnology leader serving patients with rare diseases and specialized conditions. We seek to push boundaries through discovering and delivering new possibilities for patient communities who often have few or no other champions. Relentlessly on the edge of what s next, we are serial innovators with a diverse pipeline offering fresh thinking and new hope. Serving patients and partnering with healthcare communities in over 100 countries, we strive to be part of the entire patient journey to enable earlier diagnosis, raise standards of care, accelerate access to treatment, and support patients. Our diverse portfolio of therapeutic areas includes Immunology, Hematology, Genetic Diseases, Neuroscience, Internal Medicine, and Ophthalmics. Championing patients is our call to action - it brings the opportunity - and responsibility - to change people s lives. www.shire.com Forward-Looking Statements Statements included herein that are not historical facts, including without limitation statements concerning future strategy, plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, projected revenues, the anticipated timing of clinical trials and approvals for, and the commercial potential of, inline or pipeline products, are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties and are subject to change at any time. In the event such risks or uncertainties materialize, Shire s results could be materially adversely affected. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: Shire s products may not be a commercial success; increased pricing pressures and limits on patient access as a result of governmental regulations and market developments may affect Shire s future revenues, financial condition and results of operations; Shire depends on third parties to supply certain inputs and services critical to its operations including certain inputs, services and ingredients critical to its manufacturing processes. Any disruption to the supply chain for any of Shire s products may result in Shire being unable to continue marketing or developing a product or may result in Shire being unable to do so on a commercially viable basis for some period of time; the manufacture of Shire s products is subject to extensive oversight by various regulatory agencies. Regulatory approvals or interventions associated with changes to manufacturing sites, ingredients or manufacturing processes could lead to, among other things, significant delays, an increase in operating costs, lost product sales, an interruption of research activities or the delay of new product launches; the nature of producing plasma-based therapies may prevent Shire from timely responding to market forces and effectively managing its production capacity; Shire has a portfolio of products in various stages of research and development. The successful development of these products is highly uncertain and requires significant expenditures and time, and there is no guarantee that these products will receive regulatory approval; the actions of certain customers could affect Shire s ability to sell or market products profitably. Fluctuations in buying or distribution patterns by such customers can adversely affect Shire s revenues, financial conditions or results of operations; failure to comply with laws and regulations governing the sales and marketing of its products could materially impact Shire s revenues and profitability; Shire s products and product candidates face substantial competition in the product markets in which it operates, including competition from generics; Shire s patented products are subject to significant competition from generics; adverse outcomes in legal matters, tax audits and other disputes, including Shire s ability to enforce and defend patents and other intellectual property rights required for its business, could have a material adverse effect on Shire s revenues, financial condition or results of operations; Shire may fail to obtain, maintain, enforce or defend the intellectual property rights required to conduct its business; Shire faces intense competition for highly qualified personnel from other companies and organizations; failure to successfully execute or attain strategic objectives from Shire s acquisitions and growth strategy may adversely affect Shire s financial condition and results of operations; Shire s growth strategy depends in part upon its ability to expand its product portfolio through external collaborations, which, if unsuccessful, may adversely affect the development and sale of its products; a slowdown of global economic growth, or economic instability of countries in which Shire does business, could have negative consequences for Shire s business and increase the risk of non-payment by Shire s customers; changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates could have a material adverse effect on Shire s operating results and liquidity; Shire is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may adversely affect Shire s financial condition or results of operations; if a marketed product fails to work effectively or causes adverse side effects, this could result in damage to Shire s reputation, the withdrawal of the product and legal action against Shire; Shire is dependent on information technology and its systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from service disruptions, the loss of sensitive or confidential information, cyber-attacks and other security breaches or data leakages that could have a material adverse effect on Shire s revenues, financial condition or results of operations; Shire faces risks relating to the expected exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union; Shire incurred substantial additional indebtedness to finance the Baxalta acquisition, which has increased its borrowing costs and may decrease its business flexibility; the potential uncertainty among our employees, customers, suppliers, and other business partners resulting from the announcement by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited on May 8, 2018 of a recommended offer for Shire under the UK Takeover Code; and a further list and description of risks, uncertainties and other matters can be found in Shire s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in Shire s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, in each case including those risks outlined in ITEM1A: Risk Factors , and in Shire s subsequent reports on Form 8-K and other Securities and Exchange Commission filings, all of which are available on Shire s website. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof. Except to the extent otherwise required by applicable law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. *This represents ~14% of the U.S. population as of July 1, 2017 Census Bureau Data.4 Major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) is defined as cardiovascular death; nonfatal myocardial infarction; and nonfatal stroke. References 1. Motegrity (prucalopride) Prescribing Information. Lexington, MA; Shire LLC; 2018. 2. Camilleri M, Ford AC, Mawe GM, et al. Nat Rev Dis Primers.2017;3:17095. 3. Tack J, Camilleri M, Chang L, et al. Aliment Pharmacol Ther. 2012:35(7):745-767. 4. U.S. Census Bureau. Quick Facts (2017). https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/US/PST045216. 5. Suares NC, Ford AC. Am J Gastroenterol. 2011;106(9):1582-1591. 6. Motegrity (prucalopride) FDA NDA Approval Letter, December 2018 7. Lacy BE, Mearin F, Chang L, et al. Gastroenterology 2016;150:1393 1407.

Chembio Diagnostics Awarded UNICEF Contract to Supply Point-of-Care Zika/Chikungunya/Dengue Tests and Micro Readers Nasdaq:CEMI MEDFORD, N.Y., March 07, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Chembio Diagnostics, Inc. (Nasdaq: CEMI), a leader in point-of-care diagnostic tests for infectious diseases, today announced that it will be awarded a conditional Long Term Arrangement (LTA) from UNICEF for purchases of the company s DPP Zika/Chikungunya/Dengue System. The UNICEF LTA, which is valid through December 31, 2020, includes a firm purchase commitment of $1.5 million and possible additional purchases of up to $2.0 million, for a total amount of up to $3.5 million. All of the purchases are subject to Chembio meeting the following conditions: receipt of CE mark certification, completion of clinical and analytical performance evaluation, and a successful quality management system (QMS) inspection. We are delighted that our multiplex test has been chosen by UNICEF and we look forward to supplying products under this agreement, said John Sperzel, Chembio s Chief Executive Officer. Our rapid multiplex test allows separate detection of IgM and IgG antibodies for these three viruses and identification of co-infected patients, with a single drop of blood from the fingertip. We believe this is a clear advantage compared to other testing options, such as laboratory tests which are time consuming, or molecular tests which have a short window of detection. Chembio s DPP Zika/Chikungunya/Dengue System, which includes the DPP Zika/Chikungunya/Dengue IgM/IgG multiplex test and DPP Micro Reader, provides results in 15 minutes from only 10 l of fingertip blood. The DPP Micro Reader is hand-held, easy to use, and can reduce the risk of human error during test interpretation and data capture. About Chembio Diagnostics Chembio Diagnostics, Inc. is a leading point-of-care diagnostics company focused on detecting and diagnosing infectious diseases. The company s patented DPP technology platform, which uses a small drop of blood from the fingertip, provides high-quality, cost-effective results in approximately 15 minutes. Coupled with Chembio s extensive scientific expertise, its novel DPP technology offers broad market applications beyond infectious disease, a number of which are under active development with collaboration partners. Chembio s products are sold globally, directly and through distributors, to hospitals and clinics, physician offices, clinical laboratories, public health organizations, government agencies, and consumers. Headquartered in Medford, NY, Chembio is registered with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as well as the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and is certified for the global market under the International Standards Organization (ISO) directive 13485. Learn more at www.chembio.com . Forward-Looking Statements Statements contained in the first two paragraphs of this press release are not historical facts and may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company and its management. Such statements, which are estimates only, reflect management's current views, are based on certain assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results, events, or performance may differ materially from the above forward-looking statements due to a number of important factors, and will be dependent upon a variety of factors, including, but not limited to Chembio's ability to successfully complete the conditions to the described purchases of the DPP Zika/Chikungunya/Dengue System, including receipt of CE mark certification, completion of clinical and analytical performance evaluation, and a successful QMS inspection. Chembio undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date hereof or to reflect any change in Chembio's expectations with regard to these forward-looking statements or the occurrence of unanticipated events. Media Contact:

Accenture Federal Services Wins Position on Intelligent Automation / Artificial Intelligence Contract from U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ARLINGTON, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Accenture (NYSE: ACN) has been selected to provide intelligent automation / artificial intelligence (IAAI) services to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Program Support Center (PSC). A five-year indefinite delivery / indefinite quantity contract valued at $49 million, the IAAI contract will provide the PSC with a range of next-generation technologies, enabling the Department to transform business processes and enhance mission delivery in the federal government. Through the contract, Accenture Federal Services (AFS) will compete for task orders for the piloting, testing and implementation of advanced technologies such as AI, machine learning, natural language processing and robotic process automation. It s a great honor to be selected by the HHS Program Support Center to provide breakthrough solutions that meet the Departments emerging technology needs under the IAAI contract, said Greg Adler, who leads Accenture Federal Services (AFS) work across Health and Human Services. AFS draws upon Accenture s vast commercial experience in AI and health to identify and implement new capabilities that support the Departments goals to fundamentally transform, enhance and deliver public sector healthcare. To accelerate PSC s modernization priorities, AFS will leverage the newly expanded Accenture Federal Digital Studio, a collaborative environment where AFS professionals use the ground-breaking service design principles of Fjord, Accenture Interactive s design and innovation unit, to help clients across all sectors of the federal government create citizen-and user-centric solutions. Among the capabilities of the Digital Studio are: AFS currently works on several HHS contracts, including as the prime development contractor responsible for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Federally Facilitated Marketplace technical architecture and operations for Healthcare.gov. About Accenture Federal Services Accenture Federal Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company with offices in Arlington, Virginia. Accenture s federal business has served every cabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. Accenture Federal Services transforms bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes for clients at defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and military health organizations. Learn more at www.accenturefederal.com. About Accenture Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries and all business functions underpinned by the world s largest delivery network Accenture works at the intersection of business and technology to help clients improve their performance and create sustainable value for their stakeholders. With 477,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, Accenture drives innovation to improve the way the world works and lives. Visit us at www.accenture.com.

FormFactor Acquires FRT GMBH Expands test and measurement leadership in high growth Advanced Packaging and MEMS applications LIVERMORE, Calif. and COLOGNE, Germany, Oct. 09, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- FormFactor, Inc. (NASDAQ:FORM) today announced the acquisition of FRT, based in Germany. FRT is the one of the fastest growing metrology suppliers in the semiconductor industry, with revenues expanding at more than 75% compounded annual growth rate since its inception in 2016 to 2018. This acquisition strengthens FormFactor s leadership in test and measurement by expanding its addressable market into 3D surface metrology and extending the optical applications scope of its existing Engineering Systems business. The acquisition of FRT adds to FormFactor s diversified portfolios of essential semiconductor test and measurement products. It s one of FormFactor s strategic priorities to expand our leadership in advanced packaging and MEMS applications, and we are excited to welcome Dr. Thomas Fries and the FRT team to the FormFactor family, said Dr. Mike Slessor, CEO of FormFactor. The acquisition of FRT: Expands FormFactor s addressable market by $150 million Accelerates the company s growth in the fast-growing Advanced Packaging and MEMS applications Adds to FormFactor s test and measurement system product portfolio, complementing its consumable wafer test probe products It is an exciting time for FRT to join the FormFactor team, said Dr. Thomas Fries, CEO of FRT. We look forward to leveraging FormFactor s well established global infrastructure and customer relationships to further accelerate our planned growth, while continuing to execute our new product development roadmap. In accordance with the terms of the transaction, FormFactor paid 19.7 million in cash for the acquisition. Up to 10.3 million of additional cash consideration may be payable subject to the performance of the acquired business in 2020. This acquisition is expected to be immediately accretive to earnings on a non-GAAP basis. Straightward Holding GmbH acted as the M&A advisor to FRT GmbH. About FormFactor: FormFactor, Inc. (NASDAQ:FORM), is a leading provider of essential test and measurement technologies along the full IC life cycle - from characterization, modeling, reliability, and design de-bug, to qualification and production test. Semiconductor companies rely upon FormFactor s products and services to accelerate profitability by optimizing device performance and advancing yield knowledge. The Company serves customers through its network of facilities in Asia, Europe, and North America. For more information, visit the Company s website at www.formfactor.com . About FRT: FRT GmbH supplies 3D surface metrology for research and production. With micro- and nanometer resolution, the non-contact and non-destructive measuring systems which have received many awards, measure optionally fully automatic data, topography, structure, step height, roughness, wear, thickness variation, film thickness and many other parameters. For more information, visit the Company s website at www.frtmetrology.com . Forward-looking Statements : This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws, including with respect to the Company s future financial and operating results, the Company s plans, strategies and objectives for future operations. These statements are based on management s current expectations and beliefs as of the date hereof, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements regarding future financial and operating results, customer demand, conditions in the semiconductor industry, and growth opportunities, and other statements regarding the Company s business. Forward-looking statements may contain words such as may, might, will, expect, plan, anticipate, and continue, the negative or plural of these words and similar expressions, and include the assumptions that underlie such statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including with respect to the performance, customers, products and technologies of acquired businesses: changes in demand for the Company s products; customer-specific demand; the speed of customer implementation of new technologies; industry seasonality; risks to the Company s ability to realize operational efficiencies; changes in macro-economic environments; and other factors, including those set forth in the Company s most current annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. No assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of the Company. Unless required by law, the Company is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or revise its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Source: FormFactor, Inc. FORM-F Investor Contact: Stan Finkelstein Investor Relations (925) 290-4321 Trade Contact: David Viera Corporate Communications (925) 290-4182

OSS Awarded $36 Million Contract to Provide Flash Storage Arrays for Military Radar Application ESCONDIDO, Calif., Aug. 08, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- One Stop Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: OSS), the leading provider of specialized high-performance computing solutions, has won a five-year sole source agreement valued at $36 million to provide flash storage arrays to a prime contractor for the U.S. Navy. The systems will be used within state-of-the-art Navy surveillance aircraft deployed worldwide. Under the agreement, OSS will supply full mil-spec flash storage systems that include removable canisters, allowing collected data to be removed from the aircraft and transferred to ground stations. The systems store real-time data collected from advanced airborne sensors (AAS), including radar and other sensors. The contract includes airborne and ground systems, spare canisters and support services. We are excited to receive this agreement which solidifies our long-term production of these flash arrays, said Steve Cooper, president and CEO of OSS. These products showcase the benefits of our award-winning flash array technology, including high-performance, small size, light weight and portability. Shipments based on this contract are anticipated to begin in Q3 of 2019. For additional details, please see the company s Form 8-K filed today and posted to the SEC Filings page on the company website. About One Stop Systems One Stop Systems, Inc. (OSS) designs and manufactures innovative specialized high-performance computing modules and systems, including customized servers, compute accelerators, expansion systems, flash storage arrays and ION Accelerator storage software. These products are used for deep learning, AI, defense, finance and entertainment applications, and empower scientists, engineers, creators and other professionals to push the boundaries of their industries. For more information, go to www.onestopsystems.com. Forward-Looking Statements One Stop Systems (OSS) cautions you that statements in this press release that are not a description of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the company's current beliefs and expectations. The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by One Stop Systems that any of our plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ from those set forth in this press release due to the risk and uncertainties inherent in our business, including, without limitation: the value of the contract, schedule of shipments, follow-on orders, the number of items delivered to customers and the performance of products for the intended application; as well as risks described in our prior press releases and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including under the heading "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent filings with the SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to revise or update this press release to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, which is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Media Contact: Katie Rivera One Stop Systems, Inc. Tel (760) 745-9883 Email contact Investor Relations: Ronald Both or Grant Stude CMA Tel (949) 432-7557 Email contact

Atlantic Union Bankshares Suspends Share Repurchase Program RICHMOND, Va., March 20, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation has suspended its share repurchase program effective today. The program, which is authorized for up to $150 million in repurchases through June 30, 2021, had $20 million remaining in the authorization when it was suspended. The company repurchased an aggregate of approximately 3.7 million shares to date under the authorization prior to the suspension. About Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation Headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation (Nasdaq: AUB) is the holding company for Atlantic Union Bank. Atlantic Union Bank has 149 branches and approximately 170 ATMs located throughout Virginia, and in portions of Maryland and North Carolina. Middleburg Financial is a brand name used by Atlantic Union Bank and certain affiliates when providing trust, wealth management, private banking, and investment advisory products and services. Certain non-bank affiliates of Atlantic Union Bank include: Old Dominion Capital Management, Inc., and its subsidiary, Outfitter Advisors, Ltd., Dixon, Hubard, Feinour, & Brown, Inc., and Middleburg Investment Services, LLC, which provide investment advisory and/or brokerage services; and Union Insurance Group, LLC, which offers various lines of insurance products. Contact: Bill Cimino, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations 804.448.0937

21Vianet Announces US$20 Million Share Repurchase Program BEIJING, Dec. 04, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- 21Vianet Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: VNET) ("21Vianet" or the "Company"), a leading carrier- and cloud-neutral Internet data center services provider in China, today announced that its board of directors has approved a share repurchase program to repurchase up to US$20 million worth of its American Depositary Shares ("ADSs"), representing its Class A ordinary shares, during a 13-month period ending on December 31, 2020. Under the share repurchase program, 21Vianet may purchase its ADSs through various means, including open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, any combination thereof or other legally permissible means. The Company may effect repurchase transactions in compliance with Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The number of ADSs repurchased and the timing of repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, price, trading volume and general market conditions, along with 21Vianet's working capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors. 21Vianet's board of directors will review the share repurchase program periodically, and may modify, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time. About 21Vianet 21Vianet Group, Inc. is a leading carrier- and cloud-neutral Internet data center services provider in China. 21Vianet provides hosting and related services, including IDC services, cloud services, and business VPN services to improve the reliability, security and speed of its customers' Internet infrastructure. Customers may locate their servers and equipment in 21Vianet's data centers and connect to China's Internet backbone. 21Vianet operates in more than 30 cities throughout China, servicing a diversified and loyal base of nearly 5,000 hosting and related enterprise customers that span numerous industries ranging from Internet companies to government entities and blue-chip enterprises to small- to mid-sized enterprises. Safe Harbor Statement This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates" and similar statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Further information regarding these and other risks is included in 21Vianet's reports filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. All information provided in this press release and in the attachments is as of the date of this press release, and 21Vianet undertakes no duty to update such information, except as required under applicable law. Investor Relations Contacts: 21Vianet Group, Inc. Rene Jiang +86 10 8456 2121 IR@21Vianet.com Julia Jiang +86 10 8456 2121 IR@21Vianet.com ICR, Inc. Jack Wang +1 (646) 405-4922 IR@21Vianet.com

VMware Announces Per Share Dividend Amount and Payment Date for Previously Announced One-Time Special Dividend Payment date for previously announced $11bn one-time special dividend is December 28, 2018 Dividend amount is $26.81 per outstanding share of VMware common stock PALO ALTO, Calif., Dec. 28, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- VMware Inc. (NYSE:VMW) ( VMware ), a leading innovator in enterprise software, today announced that the payment date for VMware s $11 billion, conditional one-time special dividend payable pro-rata to all VMware stockholders (the Special Dividend ), previously announced on July 2, 2018, is December 28, 2018 (the Payment Date ). The Special Dividend is payable to all VMware stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 27, 2018 (the Record Date ). Shares of VMware Class A common stock will trade with due bills following the Record Date through and including the Payment Date. The ex-dividend date will be the first trading day following the Payment Date December 31, 2018. US Federal Tax Treatment of the Special Dividend VMware currently estimates that, for U.S. federal tax purposes, 60.39% of the Special Dividend (or $16.19 per share) will be treated as a taxable dividend, with the other 39.61% of the Special Dividend (or $10.62 per share) being first treated as a return on capital to stockholders to the extent of their basis in VMware common stock, and then as capital gain. The tax treatment of the Special Dividend will be based on VMware s current and accumulated earnings and profits for VMware s 2019 fiscal year ending February 1, 2019 ( FY19 ). The process of determining current and accumulated earnings and profits requires a final determination of VMware s financial results for FY19 and a review of certain other factors. The determination will be based in part on factors that are outside of the control of VMware and which cannot be ascertained at this time. VMware does not expect the calculation of the portion that will be treated as a taxable dividend for federal tax purposes to be finalized until after the completion of FY19. Accordingly, the portion of the Special Dividend estimated to be a taxable dividend provided in this release is based upon currently available information and is subject to change. VMware currently expects to update information on taxation of the Special Dividend later in calendar year 2019. The taxable dividend may be eligible for treatment as a qualified dividend for federal tax purposes depending on the holding period of the underlying stock and other personal tax matters. The precise tax impact of the dividend to specific stockholders depends upon the stockholder s individual tax situation. Stockholders are advised to consult with their personal tax advisors. The return of capital percentage on common stock dividends as reported on Form 8937 can be found on VMware s website at ir.vmware.com. The Form 8937 will be updated as necessary following the determination of VMware s financial results for FY19 and a review of certain other factors. About VMware VMware software powers the world s complex digital infrastructure. The company s compute, cloud, mobility, networking and security offerings provide a dynamic and efficient digital foundation to over 500,000 customers globally, aided by an ecosystem of 75,000 partners. Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, this year VMware celebrates twenty years of breakthrough innovation benefiting business and society. For more information please visit https://www.vmware.com/company.html. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that are based on VMware s current expectations, including, among other things, statements regarding VMware s Special Dividend, including its payment date, the tax treatment of the Special Dividend and the specific portion of the Special Dividend that will be treated as a return on capital, the expected completion of the Dell exchange transaction, satisfaction of conditions to payment of the Special Dividend, the elimination of Dell Class V common stock and creation of a new public equity class for Dell. These forward-looking statements are subject to the safe harbor provisions created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risk factors, including but not limited to: (i) VMware s relationship with Dell and Dell s ability to control matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of VMware s board members and matters relating to Dell s investment in VMware; (ii) tabulation of VMware s financial results for FY19; (iii) other factors relating to the final calculation of the portion of the Special Dividend taxable as a dividend or as a return of capital or capital gain including calculations of the impact on VMware as a member of a consolidated tax group with Dell; and (iv) logistics involved in setting the ex-dividend date. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release, are based on current expectations and are subject to uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value and effect as well as other risks detailed in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including VMware s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K that we have filed and may file from time to time, which could cause actual results to vary from expectations. VMware assumes no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this press release. Contact Paul Ziots VMware Investor Relations pziots@vmware.com 650-427-3267 Michael Thacker VMware Global PR mthacker@vmware.com 650-427-4454

Rosehill Resources Inc. and Rosehill Operating Company, LLC File Voluntary Bankruptcy Petitions HOUSTON, July 27, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Rosehill Resources Inc. (NASDAQ:ROSE, ROSEW, ROSEU) (the Company ) and Rosehill Operating Company, LLC ( Rosehill Operating and together with the Company, Rosehill ) announced today that they have commenced voluntary Chapter 11 cases (the Chapter 11 Cases ) under the United States Bankruptcy Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, pursuant to the terms of the previously announced Restructuring Support Agreement (the RSA ) between the Company, the lenders under Rosehill s revolving first lien credit facility, holders of Rosehill s second lien notes and the Company s Series B Preferred Stock, and Tema Oil and Gas Company, as the holder of approximately 66.8% of the equity interests in the Company and 35.2% of the equity interests in Rosehill Operating and party to the Company s Tax Receivable Agreement (collectively, the Consenting Creditors ). In connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, Rosehill has filed customary motions authorizing it to proceed with its operations in the ordinary course, including to enter into a $17.5 million junior convertible secured debtor-in-possession delayed-draw term loan facility and use cash collateral. The Company currently expects that the DIP facility will provide sufficient liquidity to meet its financial obligations during the duration of the Chapter 11 Cases. The Company expects to continue to operate its business during the Chapter 11 Cases without material disruption to its vendors, partners or employees. As previously announced, under the RSA, Rosehill and the Consenting Creditors have reached an agreement on the terms of a prepackaged plan of reorganization (the Plan ). Following consummation of the Plan, the Company s equity will be owned solely by certain of the Consenting Creditors and holders of the Company s preferred stock, and holders of general unsecured claims, including the Company s trade creditors and vendors, will pass through the Chapter 11 Cases with their claims unimpaired by the bankruptcy and being satisfied in full. Additionally, pursuant to the Plan, all of the common equity of the Company will be cancelled and receive no recovery. For more information on the RSA or the Plan, please read the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s SEC filings are available publicly on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Court filings and information about the Chapter 11 Cases can be found at a website maintained by Rosehill s claim agent, Epiq Corporate Restructuring, LLC, at https://dm.epiq11.com/rosehill, or by calling 1-866-897-6433 (Domestic) or 1-646-282-2500 (International). In connection with the Chapter 11 Cases and pursuant to the Plan, on July 24, 2020 the Company notified the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ) of its intention to voluntarily delist its Class A Common Stock, Class A Common Stock Public Warrants and Class A Common Stock Public Units (the Listed Securities ) from Nasdaq. The Company further requested that Nasdaq file a Form 25 with the SEC, and expects that the Listed Securities will cease trading on Nasdaq on or about August 13, 2020. Following the delisting from Nasdaq, the Company intends to voluntarily deregister its Listed Securities and cease its public reporting obligations with the SEC. Advisors to Rosehill Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and Haynes and Boone, LLP are acting as legal counsel, and Jefferies LLC and Opportune LLP are acting as financial advisors to Rosehill in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases. About Rosehill Resources Inc. Rosehill Resources Inc. is an independent oil and gas exploration company with assets positioned in the Delaware Basin portion of the Permian Basin. The Company s strategy includes the focused development of its multi-bench assets in the Northern Delaware Basin and the Southern Delaware Basin, as well as adding economic drilling inventory to support future growth. The Company s website is www.rosehillresources.com. Information on the website is not part of this press release. Forward-Looking Statements Investors in Rosehill Resources are cautioned that Trading in the Company s securities involves a high degree of risk and investors may lose all of their investment. This communication includes certain forward-looking statements that may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. All statements included in this communication, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the Chapter 11 Cases, the Plan, the delisting of the Listed Securities, the final terms of the Plan when consummated, recovery by any creditors or equity holders, and the Company s operations and liquidity. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from the Company s expectations, including the risk factors described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020, and in other public filings with the SEC by the Company. The COVID-19 pandemic and related impact on economic and industry conditions may make it more difficult for the Company to assess future risks or the impact of known risks. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this communication. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Company disclaims any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this communication. While the Company makes these statements in good faith, neither the Company, its management, nor Rosehill Operating can guarantee that anticipated future results will be achieved. The Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made herein or any other forward-looking statements made by the Company, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Contact Information

Perspecta Wins New $71 Million Contract to Deploy Enterprise Logging System for the United States Air Force CHANTILLY, Va., March 12, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Perspecta Inc. (NYSE: PRSP), a leading U.S. government services provider, announced today that it has been awarded the Enterprise Logging Phase 2 (EL2) contract with the United States Air Force (USAF). The single award contract, awarded under USAF Network-Centric Solutions-2 (NETCENTS-2) NetOps, represents new work for the company and has a one-year base and four, one-year options, with a maximum ceiling value of $71 million. The mission of the EL2 program is to increase the USAF's cyber situational awareness by implementing an enterprise-wide logging architecture. On the program, Perspecta will work with the USAF to deploy a global enterprise logging architecture that integrates base-level log storage, forwarding and query capabilities with existing central management and reporting capabilities. "At Perspecta, our people thrive under the high-pressure environment of solving mission-critical challenges," said Mac Curtis, president and chief executive officer, Perspecta. "This win is a testament to our bold thinking, innovative approach to developing next-gen cybersecurity solutions and dedication to our customer's mission. The Perspecta team is energized to partner with the USAF customer and is eager to get to work on this important operation." Specifically, the Perspecta solution will provide USAF cyber teams with the means to identify threats, perform analysis and identify indications and warnings. About Perspecta Inc. At Perspecta (NYSE: PRSP), we question, we seek and we solve. Perspecta brings a diverse set of capabilities to our U.S. government customers in defense, intelligence, civilian, health care and state and local markets. Our 260+ issued, licensed and pending patents are more than just pieces of paper, they tell the story of our innovation. With offerings in mission services, digital transformation and enterprise operations, our team of 14,000 engineers, analysts, investigators and architects work tirelessly to not only execute the mission, but build and support the backbone that enables it. Perspecta was formed to take on big challenges. We are an engine for growth and success and we enable our customers to build a better nation. For more information about Perspecta, visit perspecta.com. This press release may contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of Perspecta and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Perspecta undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although Perspecta believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements involve a variety of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from what may be expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. SOURCE Perspecta Inc. Related Links http://www.perspecta.com

The First Bancshares, Inc. Announces Renewal of Share Repurchase Plan HATTIESBURG, Miss.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The First Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: FBMS) ( First Bancshares or the Company ), the holding company for The First, A National Banking Association, announced today the renewal of its share repurchase program that previously expired on December 31, 2019. Under the program, the Company may, but is not required to, from time to time repurchase up to $15 million of shares of its common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, will be determined by management at its discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company's common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The renewed share repurchase program has an expiration date of December 31, 2020, and has been approved by the Company s regulators. About The First Bancshares, Inc. The First Bancshares, Inc., headquartered in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, is the parent company of The First, A National Banking Association. Founded in 1996, the First has operations in Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, Florida and Georgia. The Company s stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol FBMS. Additional information is available on the Company s website: www.thefirstbank.com. Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of and subject to the safe harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In general, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as may, depend, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, will, should, plan, estimate, predict, continue and potential , or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements represent management s beliefs with regard to the matters addressed, based upon information available at the time the statements are made; they are not guarantees of future performance, and they should they not be relied upon as representing management s views as of any date subsequent to the date first made. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties that change over time and could cause actual results or financial condition to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such statements. Factors that could affect the forward-looking statements in this release include the Company s ability to continue to generate strong earnings and maintain a strong capital position as it faces the challenge of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, public perception and regulatory guidance regarding share repurchase programs, the market price of the Company s common stock, and other opportunities that the Company may determine to pursue. Additional factors affecting forward-looking statements can be found in the cautionary language included under the headings Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and other documents subsequently filed by the Company with the SEC. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update any factors or to announce publicly the result of revisions to any of the forward-looking statements included herein to reflect future events or developments.

ABM Selected as Preferred Partner and Awarded Janitorial Services Contract at LaGuardia Airport s Terminal B Aviation Industry Leader to Provide Facilities Services Focused on Service Excellence, Innovation and Environment NEW YORK, March 29, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ABM (NYSE:ABM), a leading provider of facility solutions, has been named a preferred partner and awarded a five-year janitorial services contract at LaGuardia Airport s Terminal B by LaGuardia Gateway Partners, the private operator and developer of Terminal B. This includes servicing the existing Terminal B, as well as the new state-of-the-art terminal that will open in phases through 2022. The redevelopment of Terminal B is one of the most complex airport construction projects in the world and when complete, the new Terminal B will be a 1.3 million square foot facility with 35 gates and dual pedestrian bridges that span active aircraft taxi lanes. We are excited to partner with LaGuardia Gateway Partners on this amazing project, says Don Stephens, President of Aviation, ABM. As an industry leader in facility services and solutions with one of the industry s largest aviation service portfolios, we are uniquely positioned to provide best-in-class cleaning for the flying public with our outstanding people, innovative standards and materials, and an environmental focus. LaGuardia Gateway Partners is pleased to welcome ABM as our custodial partner, says Marisa Von Wieding, Director of Operations, LaGuardia Gateway Partners. Improving the experience for all of our 15 million annual guests is at the core of our mission at LaGuardia Gateway Partners, both in the current Terminal B and in the new Terminal that we are building. ABM shares our focus on guest experience and innovation and will meet our high standards in delivering a clean facility for travelers and employees each and every day. ABM s Aviation team provides service excellence in passenger and facility maintenance services, including aircraft and airport cleaning, wheelchair services, catering, parking and transportation, to airports and airlines globally, including LaGuardia, John F. Kennedy International Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport. For more information about our end-to-end Aviation services and solutions, visit www.abm.com/aviation/. CONNECT WITH ABM ABOUT ABM ABM (NYSE:ABM) is a leading provider of facility solutions with revenues of approximately $5.5 billion and more than 130,000 employees in 350+ offices throughout the United States and various international locations. ABM's comprehensive capabilities include janitorial, electrical & lighting, energy solutions, facilities engineering, HVAC & mechanical, landscape & turf, mission critical solutions and parking, provided through stand-alone or integrated solutions. ABM provides custom facility solutions in urban, suburban and rural areas to properties of all sizes - from schools and commercial buildings to hospitals, data centers, manufacturing plants and airports. ABM Industries Incorporated, which operates through its subsidiaries, was founded in 1909. For more information, visit www.abm.com. CONTACT Media: Jennifer Miller (404) 926-4212 jennifer.miller@abm.com Investor & Media Relations: Susie Choi (212) 297-9721 susie.choi@abm.com

Dover Fueling Solutions Awarded Contract with EG Group, Offering Global Wetstock Management Services DOWNERS GROVE, Ill., April 16, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Dover Fueling Solutions ("DFS"), a part of Dover (NYSE: DOV) that delivers advanced fuel dispensing equipment, electronic systems and payment, fleet systems, automatic tank gauging and wetstock management, is proud to announce that it has been awarded a five-year global contract with EG Group, which operates as Euro Garages in the United Kingdom, for the provision of its ClearView and Fairbanks wetstock management services. Sites within the EG Group global network including those in Germany, the United States, Australia, France, the Netherlands, Belgium and Italy will receive real-time monitoring and advanced wetstock investigation services, designed to help businesses lower operational costs and improve profit margins, whilst keeping them legally and environmentally compliant. EG Group will benefit from fuel loss identification services, determining losses caused by a variety of factors, including leakage, delivery shortages, spillage and evaporation, theft, fraud and meter drift. They will also have access to the Fairbanks Station Manager online web portal, which centralizes data from across the network, giving users greater insight into stock levels, pump and nozzle activity and alarm notifications, as well as access to many detailed reports which help to maintain forecourt efficiency and availability. The contract engages DFS as EG Group's global wetstock management partner for their current estate, but also for sites and networks they acquire during the term of the contract. EG Group already has a strong presence in the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Italy, the United States and Australia and has grown significantly in recent years. The contract is a significant success for DFS, who is one of the leading global providers of customer-focused technologies, services and solutions in the fuel and convenience retail industries. "We are confident that the wetstock management services from DFS will truly benefit the EG Group network," commented Guy Bickerstaffe, Group Director of Development. "Having a third-party monitoring service take care of our wetstock management gives us peace of mind, leaving us safe in the knowledge that even the smallest instances of fuel loss don't go unnoticed. It's a real cost-saving investment for us, with the added benefit of protecting the environment from the detrimental effects of leaks to ground." Andy Sullivan, Global Wetstock Business Unit Director, DFS, said: "This contract builds upon the strong customer-centric focus that DFS has exercised, whilst delivering its service to EG Group sites in the United Kingdom over the past eight years, resulting in a strong business relationship that both parties were keen to expand upon. DFS looks forward to continuing to nurture this partnership as the EG Group network grows." For more information regarding Dover Fueling Solutions wetstock management and other products, go to doverfuelingsolutions.com. About Dover Fueling Solutions:Dover Fueling Solutions ("DFS"), part of Dover Corporation, is comprised of the product brands of ClearView, Fairbanks, OPW Fuel Management Systems, ProGauge, Tokheim, and Wayne Fueling Systems, and delivers advanced fuel dispensing equipment, electronic systems and payment, automatic tank gauging and wetstock management solutions to customers worldwide. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, DFS has a significant manufacturing presence around the world, including facilities in Brazil, China, India, Italy, the UK, and the USA. For more information about DFS, visit doverfuelingsolutions.com. About Dover: Dover is a diversified global manufacturer with annual revenues of approximately $7 billion. We deliver innovative equipment and components, specialty systems, consumable supplies, software and digital solutions, and support services through three operating segments: Engineered Systems, Fluids, and Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Dover combines global scale with operational agility to lead the markets we serve. Recognized for our entrepreneurial approach for over 60 years, our team of approximately 24,000 employees takes an ownership mindset, collaborating with customers to redefine what's possible. Headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois, Dover trades on the New York Stock Exchange under "DOV." Additional information is available at dovercorporation.com. SOURCE Dover Related Links https://www.dovercorporation.com

Huntington Ingalls Industries Awarded U.S. Army Contract To Support Non-Intrusive Inspection Systems NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Feb. 11, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Huntington Ingalls Industries (NYSE:HII) announced today that the U.S. Army Product Manager Force Protection Systems recently awarded a contract to HII s Technical Solutions division to provide maintenance, repair, supply support, fielding, engineering, configuration management and training for Non-Intrusive Inspection System Support (NIIS) systems. The three-year task order has a value of $78.4 million. The work will be performed by Technical Solutions Mission Driven Innovative Solutions group (HII-MDIS). HII-MDIS will provide the sustainment to NIIS equipment operating in the U.S. and overseas. We are excited about this opportunity to expand our C4ISR footprint at the Aberdeen Proving Ground, said Garry Schwartz, president of HII-MDIS. More importantly, we are proud to be a part of defending our service men and women at home and abroad. The Non-Intrusive Inspection System is a key component in the continuous improvement of our integrated base defense systems. HII-MDIS has more than 1,700 employees in 36 states and territories and seven countries worldwide. HII-MDIS offers innovation to drive integration of emerging technologies to enhance customers program performance. Huntington Ingalls Industries is America s largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. For more than a century, HII s Newport News and Ingalls shipbuilding divisions in Virginia and Mississippi have built more ships in more ship classes than any other U.S. naval shipbuilder. HII s Technical Solutions division provides a wide range of professional services through its Fleet Support, Mission Driven Innovative Solutions, Nuclear & Environmental, and Oil & Gas groups. Headquartered in Newport News, Virginia, HII employs more than 40,000 people operating both domestically and internationally. For more information, visit: HII on the web: www.huntingtoningalls.com HII on Facebook: www.facebook.com/HuntingtonIngallsIndustries HII on Twitter: twitter.com/hiindustries Statements in this release, as well as other statements we may make from time to time, other than statements of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these statements. Factors that may cause such differences include: changes in government and customer priorities and requirements (including government budgetary constraints, shifts in defense spending, and changes in customer short-range and long-range plans); our ability to estimate our future contract costs and perform our contracts effectively; changes in procurement processes and government regulations and our ability to comply with such requirements; our ability to deliver our products and services at an affordable life cycle cost and compete within our markets; natural and environmental disasters and political instability; our ability to execute our strategic plan, including with respect to share repurchases, dividends, capital expenditures, and strategic acquisitions; adverse economic conditions in the United States and globally; changes in key estimates and assumptions regarding our pension and retiree health care costs; security threats, including cyber security threats, and related disruptions; and other risk factors discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. There may be other risks and uncertainties that we are unable to predict at this time or that we currently do not expect to have a material adverse effect on our business, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements that we may make. Contact: Beci Brenton Beci.brenton@hii-co.com (202) 264-7143

China XD Plastics Company Limited Enters into Definitive Merger Agreement for Going Private Transaction HARBIN, China, June 15, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- China XD Plastics Company Limited (NASDAQ: CXDC) (the "Company"), one of China's leading specialty chemical companies engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of polymer composite materials primarily for automotive applications, today announced that it has entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") with Faith Dawn Limited ("Parent") and Faith Horizon Inc. ("Merger Sub"), a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. Parent is ultimately wholly-owned by Mr. Jie Han (the "Chairman"), the chairman of board of directors and chief executive officer of the Company. The Chairman and XD. Engineering Plastics Company Limited, an entity wholly-owned by the Chairman (the "Chairman SPV", collectively with the Chairman, the "Rollover Stockholders") currently beneficially own 33,065,054 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the "Common Shares") and 1,000,000 shares of series B preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the "Preferred Shares"), representing approximately 70% of the voting power and approximately 50.1% of the share capital of the Company. Parent, Merger Sub and the Rollover Stockholders are collectively referred to as the "Buyer Group". Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Parent will acquire all of the outstanding Common Shares of the Company for a cash consideration equal to US$1.2 per share (the "Merger Consideration"). This amount represents a premium of 25% over the Company's closing price of US$0.96 per share as quoted by NASDAQ Global Market (the "NASDAQ") on May 7, 2020, the last trading day prior to the date that the Company received a non-binding "going private" proposal from members of the Buyer Group. The Merger Consideration also represents an increase of approximately 9.1% over the US$1.1 per share initially offered by the Buyer Group in their initial "going-private" proposal on May 7, 2020 and a premium of approximately 15.4% over the Company's closing price of US$1.04 per share on June 12, 2020, the last trading day prior to this press release. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the merger, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the "Merger"), and each of the Common Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for the right to receive the Merger Consideration of US$1.2 per share in cash, without interest and net of any applicable withholding tax, except for (i) Common Shares and Preferred Shares held by any of Parent, Merger Sub, the Rollover Stockholders and any of their respective affiliates; (ii) Common Shares held by the Company or any its wholly owned subsidiary (or held in the Company's treasury), and (iii) Common Shares reserved (but not yet allocated) for issuance, settlement and allocation upon exercise or vesting of the Company share awards. Pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes 92A.390(1), there are no rights of dissent available to the holders of Common Shares in connection with the Merger. The Company's board of directors, acting on the recommendation of a special committee of independent and disinterested directors (the "Special Committee"), unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, and resolved to recommend that the Company's stockholders vote to authorize and approve the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger. The Special Committee, which is composed solely of independent directors of the Company who are unaffiliated with any member of the Buyer Group or management of the Company, exclusively negotiated the terms of the Merger Agreement with the Buyer Group with the assistance of its independent financial and legal advisors. The Merger, which is currently expected to close during the third quarter of 2020, is subject to various closing conditions, including the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the Company's stockholders. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, by the Company's stockholders requires (i) the affirmative vote (in person or by proxy) of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding Common Shares and Preferred Shares, voting together as a single class, with the holders of Preferred Shares being entitled to an aggregate of 40% of the combined voting power of the entire share capital of the Company, and (ii) the affirmative vote (in person or by proxy) or consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Preferred Shares, voting as a single class. The Company will call a meeting of stockholders for the purpose of voting on the adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement as soon as practicable. If completed, the Merger will, under laws of the State of Nevada, result in the Company becoming a privately-held company and the Common Shares of the Company would no longer be listed on the NASDAQ. Hogan Lovells is serving as U.S. legal counsel to the Special Committee, Duff & Phelps, LLC is serving as the financial advisor to the Special Committee. Wilson Sonsini Goodrich& Rosati, Professional Corporation is serving as U.S. legal counsel to the Company. O'Melveny & Myers LLP is serving as legal advisor to the Buyer Group. Additional Information about the Merger The Company will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") a report on Form 8-K regarding the proposed transactions described in this press release, which will include as an exhibit thereto the Merger Agreement and ancillary transaction documents. All parties desiring details regarding the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, are urged to review these documents, which will be available at the SEC's website (http://www.sec.gov). In connection with the special meeting of the stockholders of the Company to be held to approve the Merger, the Company will prepare and mail a proxy statement to its stockholders. In addition, certain participants in the Merger will prepare and mail to the Company's stockholders a Schedule 13E-3 transaction statement. These documents will be filed with or furnished to the SEC. INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY THESE MATERIALS AND OTHER MATERIALS FILED WITH OR FURNISHED TO THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, AS THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED MATTERS. In addition to receiving the proxy statement and Schedule 13E-3 transaction statement by mail, stockholders also will be able to obtain these documents, as well as other filings containing information about the Company, the Merger and related matters, without charge, from the SEC's website (http://www.sec.gov). In addition, stockholders will also be able to obtain these documents, without charge, by contacting the Company at the following address and/or telephone number: Address: 13620 38th Avenue, Suite 3A-1, Room 105, Flushing, New York 11354, United StatesAttention: Mr. Taylor ZhangTel: +1 (212) 747-1118 The Company and certain of its directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees may, under SEC rules, be deemed to be "participants" in the solicitation of proxies from the Company's stockholders with respect to the Merger. Information regarding the persons who may be considered "participants" in the solicitation of proxies will be set forth in the proxy statement and Schedule 13E-3 transaction statement relating to the Merger when it is filed with the SEC. Information regarding certain of these persons and their beneficial ownership of the shares of the Company as of December 31, 2019 is also set forth in the Company's Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on June 1, 2020. Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants will be included in the proxy statement and Schedule 13E-3 transaction statement and the other relevant documents filed with the SEC when they become available. This press release is neither a solicitation of proxy, an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities and it is not a substitute for any proxy statement or other filings that may be made with the SEC should the Merger proceed. About China XD Plastics Company Limited China XD Plastics Company Limited, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, develops, manufactures and sells polymer composites materials, primarily for automotive applications. The Company's products are used in the exterior and interior trim and in the functional components of 31 automobile brands manufactured in China, including without limitation, Audi, Mercedes Benz, BMW, Toyota, Buick, Chevrolet, Mazda, Volvo, Ford, Citroen, Jinbei and VW Passat, Golf, Jetta, etc. The Company's wholly-owned research center is dedicated to the research and development of polymer composites materials and benefits from its cooperation with well-known scientists from prestigious universities in China. As of December 31, 2019, 633 of the Company's products have been certified for use by one or more of the automobile manufacturers in China. For more information, please visit the Company's English website at http://chinaxd.irpass.com/, and the Chinese website at http://www.xdholding.com. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements included in this press release, other than statements or characterizations of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management's beliefs, and certain assumptions made by us, all of which are subject to change. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "may," "will," "should," "would," "could," "potential," "continue," "ongoing," similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results and are subject to factors, risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statement, including (but not limited to): (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement, (2) the inability to consummate the Merger due to the failure to obtain stockholder approval for the adoption of the Merger Agreement or the failure to satisfy other conditions to completion of the proposed transaction, (3) risks related to the disruption of management's attention from the Company's ongoing business operations due to the proposed transaction and (4) the effect of the announcement of the proposed transaction on the Company's relationships with its customers, suppliers and business generally. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date hereof. Additional discussions of factors affecting the Company's business and prospects are reflected under the caption "Risk Factors" and in other sections of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and other filings made with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries, whether as a result of new information, changed circumstances or future events, or for any other reason. SOURCE China XD Plastics Company Limited Related Links http://www.xdholding.com

BioCryst Reports Inducement Grants Under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C., Sept. 03, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: BCRX) today announced that the compensation committee of BioCryst s board of directors granted 22 newly-hired employees inducement options to purchase an aggregate of 333,000 shares of BioCryst common stock on August 31, 2020 as inducements material to each employee entering into employment with BioCryst. The options were granted in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). The options have an exercise price of $4.15 per share, which is equal to the closing price of BioCryst common stock on the last business day prior to the grant date. The options vest in four equal annual installments beginning on the one-year anniversary of the grant date, in each case subject to the new employee s continued service with the company. Each stock option has a 10-year term and is subject to the terms and conditions of BioCryst s Inducement Equity Incentive Plan and a stock option agreement covering the grant. About BioCryst Pharmaceuticals BioCryst Pharmaceuticals discovers novel, oral, small-molecule medicines that treat rare diseases in which significant unmet medical needs exist and an enzyme plays a key role in the biological pathway of the disease. BioCryst has several ongoing development programs including ORLADEYO (berotralstat), an oral treatment for hereditary angioedema, BCX9930, an oral Factor D inhibitor for the treatment of complement-mediated diseases, galidesivir, a potential treatment for COVID-19, Marburg virus disease and Yellow Fever, and BCX9250, an ALK-2 inhibitor for the treatment of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva. RAPIVAB (peramivir injection), a viral neuraminidase inhibitor for the treatment of influenza, is BioCryst's first approved product and has received regulatory approval in the U.S., Canada, Australia, Japan, Taiwan, Korea and the European Union. Post-marketing commitments for RAPIVAB are ongoing. For more information, please visit the Company's website at www.BioCryst.com. BCRXW

Check Point Software to Acquire Dome9 to Transform Cloud Security Acquisition will strengthen Check Point s position as a global leader in Cloud Security TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 24, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ: CHKP), a leading provider of cyber security solutions globally, today announces it has acquired Dome9 of Tel Aviv, Israel. This acquisition enhances Check Point s fully consolidated Infinity architecture and its Cloud Security offering with advanced active policy enforcement and multi-cloud protection capabilities. Founded in 2011, Dome9 has built a strong reputation for enabling security and compliance for rapid public cloud adoption. Dome9 customers use its platform to secure multi-cloud deployments across Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud. The company provides significant cloud-native security capabilities including intuitive visualization of security posture, compliance and governance automation, privileged identity protection and cloud traffic and event analysis, enabling cloud deployments safer and more manageable. As the use of cloud services significantly increases and cyber-attacks on cloud data and resources become more sophisticated than ever, this acquisition strengthens Check Point s position as a global leader in Cloud Protection. It will enable Check Point s customers to acquire an even more powerful security visibility and control across multi-cloud environments through its Infinity s total protection architecture. Dome9 and Check Point s CloudGuard together provide the best cloud security solution in the industry. Dome9 s platform will add rich cloud management and active policy enforcement capabilities to Check Point s Infinity Architecture, particularly complementing the CloudGuard security product family and make our broad solution even more differentiated in the rapidly moving Cyber Security environment, said Gil Shwed, Check Point CEO. As 5th generation cyber attacks increasingly target enterprise cloud environments, so our Gen V cyber security solution must effectively protect this vector. This acquisition will enhance our ability to deliver the benefits of Cloud with the critical security that must extend from the networks, endpoints and data centers to the Cloud and Mobile enterprise-wide. Dome9 customers today include many Fortune 1000 Enterprises, global system Integrators and MSPs. Joining the Check Point family will make Dome9 s unique technologies an integral part of the industry s most comprehensive Gen V cyber security solution, Check Point Infinity, said Zohar Alon, Dome9 co-founder and CEO. Combining forces allows us to offer the most comprehensive platform to protect customer cloud deployments as they grow and evolve. About Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (www.checkpoint.com) is a leading provider of cyber security solutions to corporate enterprises and governments globally. Its solutions protect customers from 5th-generation cyber-attacks with an industry leading catch rate of malware, ransomware and other targeted attacks. Check Point offers a multilevel security architecture with our new Gen V advanced threat prevention that protects all networks, cloud and mobile operations of a business against all known attacks combined with the industry s most comprehensive and intuitive single point of control management system. Check Point protects over 100,000 organizations of all sizes. About Dome9 Dome9 (https://dome9.com/) delivers peace of mind to enterprises through security and compliance automation as they scale in any cloud. With Dome9, organizations gain full visibility and control of their security posture, allowing them to minimize their attack surface and protect against vulnerabilities, identity theft, and data loss in the cloud. Dome9 s agentless SaaS solution provides operational efficiency for faster time-to-protection. Enterprises choose Dome9 as their key partner to provide the active protection necessary throughout their cloud journey.

Halozyme Announces Janssen Receives FDA Approval Of DARZALEX FASPRO Utilizing Halozyme's ENHANZE Technology For The Treatment Of Patients With Multiple Myeloma Janssen's DARZALEX FASPRO is a subcutaneous co formulation of DARZALEX and Halozyme's ENHANZE technology Innovative, fixed dose formulation demonstrates consistent efficacy to intravenous DARZALEX with lower rate of infusion related reactions Can be administered in three to five minutes compared to multi hour infusions with intravenous DARZALEX SAN DIEGO, May 1, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: HALO) today announced that its collaborator Janssen Biotech, Inc. (Janssen) has received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for DARZALEX FASPRO (daratumumab hyaluronidase human- fihj). DARZALEX FASPRO is approved in four regimens across five indications in multiple myeloma patients, including newly diagnosed, transplant-ineligible patients as well as relapsed or refractory patients. "We are delighted that DARZALEX FASPRO has been approved in the U.S. making it possible for patients diagnosed with multiple myeloma to receive daratumumab (DARZALEX ) treatment in 3-5 minutes with a subcutaneous injection rather than through a multi-hour intravenous infusion. This can reduce the treatment burden for patients, significantly shortening the time required in the physician clinic, hospital in-patient and out-patient treatment centers," said Dr. Helen Torley, president and chief executive officer. "We are also pleased with the breadth of indications granted to DARZALEX FASPRO , which includes the majority of the indications granted for the IV DARZALEX formulation." DARZALEX FASPRO is approved for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma: in combination with bortezomib, melphalan and prednisone in newly diagnosed patients who are ineligible for autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT); in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone in newly diagnosed patients who are ineligible for ASCT and in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least one prior therapy; in combination with bortezomib and dexamethasone in patients who have received at least one prior therapy; and as monotherapy, in patients who have received at least three prior lines of therapy including a proteasome inhibitor (PI) and an immunomodulatory agent or who are double-refractory to a PI and an immunomodulatory agent. About ENHANZE Technology Halozyme's proprietary ENHANZE drug-delivery technology is based on its patented recombinant human hyaluronidase enzyme (rHuPH20). rHuPH20 has been shown to remove traditional limitations on the volume of biologics that can be delivered subcutaneously (just under the skin). By using rHuPH20, some biologics and compounds that are administered intravenously may instead be delivered subcutaneously. ENHANZE may also benefit subcutaneous biologics by reducing the need for multiple injections. This delivery has been shown in studies to reduce health care practitioner time required for administration and shorten time for drug administration. About HalozymeHalozyme Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharma technology platform company that provides innovative and disruptive solutions with the goal of improving patient experience and outcomes. Our proprietary enzyme rHUPH20 is used to facilitate the delivery of injected drugs and fluids. We license our technology to biopharmaceutical companies to collaboratively develop products that combine our ENHANZE drug delivery technology with the collaborators' proprietary compounds. Halozyme is headquartered in San Diego. For more information visit www.halozyme.com. Halozyme Safe Harbor Statement In addition to historical information, the statements set forth above include forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements concerning the possible activity, benefits and attributes of ENHANZE , the possible method of action of ENHANZE , its potential application to aid in the dispersion and absorption of other injected therapeutic drugs, and statements concerning certain other potential benefits of ENHANZE including facilitating more rapid delivery of injectable medications through subcutaneous delivery and potentially lowering the treatment burden for patients. These forward-looking statements also include statements regarding the product development efforts of Halozyme's ENHANZE partner. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are typically, but not always, identified through use of the words "believe," "enable," "may," "will," "could," "intends," "estimate," "anticipate," "plan," "predict," "probable," "potential," "possible," "should," "continue," and other words of similar meaning. Actual results could differ materially from the expectations contained in forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including uncertainties concerning whether collaborative products are ultimately developed or commercialized, unexpected expenditures and costs, unexpected results or delays in development and regulatory review including any potential delays caused by the current COVID-19 global pandemic, unexpected regulatory approval requirements, unexpected adverse events or patient outcomes from being treated with the newly-approved ENHANZE co-formulated product referred to in this press release, and competitive conditions. These and other factors that may result in differences are discussed in greater detail in Halozyme's most recent Annual and Quarterly Reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, Halozyme undertakes no duty to update forward-looking statements to reflect events after the date of this release. Contact:Al KildaniVice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications858-704-8122[email protected] SOURCE Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. Related Links http://www.halozyme.com

Endologix Announces Third Quarter Preliminary Revenue Results and Raises Low End of 2018 Revenue Guidance Range The Company provides teleconference and webcast details for Investor Meeting IRVINE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Endologix, Inc. (Nasdaq: ELGX), a developer and marketer of innovative treatments for aortic disorders, today announced that its preliminary unaudited revenue for the third quarter ended September 30, 2018 is expected to be in the range of $34.3 million to $34.7 million. Also, based on current business trends, the Company raised the low end of its fiscal 2018 revenue guidance to $150 million. It now anticipates 2018 revenue to be in the range of $150 million to $155 million, compared to the previous range of $145 million to $155 million. Teleconference and Webcast Details The Company will host a meeting for financial analysts and investment professionals today at The London Hotel NYC, 151 W. 54th St., New York, NY 10019. For those unable to attend in person, a live teleconference and webcast of the presentations will begin at 4:15 p.m. ET. To participate in the teleconference, dial 844-242-1698 (domestic) or 512-772-3064 (international) and refer to the passcode 5966388. A live webcast of the presentations will be available on the Investors section of the Company s website at www.endologix.com. Following the event, a replay of the presentation and the associated materials will be available on the same site. A recording of the teleconference will also be available from 7:00 p.m. ET on Tuesday, October 2, 2018, until 11:59 p.m. ET on Tuesday, October 9, 2018. To hear this recording, dial 855-859-2056 (domestic) or 404-537-3406 (international) and enter the passcode 5966388. About Endologix, Inc. Endologix, Inc. develops and manufactures minimally invasive treatments for aortic disorders. The Company's focus is endovascular stent grafts for the treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA). AAA is a weakening of the wall of the aorta, the largest artery in the body, resulting in a balloon-like enlargement. Once AAA develops, it continues to enlarge and, if left untreated, becomes increasingly susceptible to rupture. The overall patient mortality rate for ruptured AAA is approximately 80%, making it a leading cause of death in the United States. For more information, visit www.endologix.com. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, expect, could, may, will, believe, estimate, forecast, goal, project, "continue," "outlook," guidance, "future, and other words with similar meanings. Forward-looking statements used in this press release relate to, among other things, Endologix s preliminary revenue for the third quarter ended September 30, 2018 and projected revenue for 2018. The forward-looking statements made in this press release are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in the forward-looking statements. For example, the Company s preliminary revenue for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 has been disclosed based on information currently available to management, has not been subject to any review procedures by our independent registered public accounting firm, and are subject to adjustment based on final internal and external review and audit. In addition, the Company s ability to achieve its projected revenue for 2018 will be impacted by numerous factors, including: continued market acceptance of Endologix's products; the success of Endologix s restructuring and strategic initiatives; the success of clinical trials relating to Endologix s products; Endologix s product research and development efforts; uncertainty in the process of obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for Endologix's products; Endologix s ability to protect its intellectual property rights and proprietary technologies; and other economic, business, competitive and regulatory factors. Please refer to Endologix's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2018 and June 30, 2018, for more detailed information regarding these risks and uncertainties, as well as other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Endologix undertakes no obligation to update or review any forward- looking statements in this press release to reflect new information, events or circumstances after the date they are made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Workplace and supply chain risks from COVID-19 having significant impact on power sector, according to Willis Towers Watson LONDON, June 02, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Pressures on workforce availability and maintaining supply chains arising from COVID-19 are proving challenging to the power sector, according to Willis Towers Watson (NASDAQ: WLTW), a leading global advisory, broking, and solutions company, at the launch of its Power Market Review. Additionally, the increasing focus on Environmental Social Governance (ESG) is also having a significant impact on future power sector risk management strategies. The report outlines how the COVID-19 pandemic presents some unique risks to the power sector that must be managed effectively to maintain reliable supply. The report highlights key risks such as reduced electrical demands, moratoriums on construction projects, availability of personnel and travel restrictions which are impacting access to operating assets for maintenance. However, we have seen that some clients have actually taken advantage of the decrease in electricity demand and lower pricing to proactively advance scheduled maintenance operations forward, contrary to insurer expectations. Additionally, the increasing significance of ESG and the changing climate risk landscape forms a key theme of the report, which highlights that the transition to a low carbon economy requires a fundamental reappraisal of risk in the power sector. The Review shows that achieving a satisfactory ESG rating will be critical in enabling power companies to attract and maintain the support of key stakeholders in the future. Other key highlights of the report from an insurance market perspective were: Capacity: Global capacity for Power business has reduced in two different ways; firstly, some insurers have withdrawn from the sector entirely and secondly, we have seen a reduction in the capacity that the remaining insurers are agreeing to deploy. Now in 2020, the total global capacity is approximately US$3 billion, with a realistic capacity figure of approximately US$1.5 billion. Losses: with average global annual losses being approximately US$2.5 billion, the Review concludes that the global premium for the Power sector has been below the average annual loss amount for some time. with average global annual losses being approximately US$2.5 billion, the Review concludes that the global premium for the Power sector has been below the average annual loss amount for some time. Rating levels: In Q2 2020 most programmes saw rating increases of between 15-20%. At the time of writing, this has stayed relatively stable on a risk rating basis based on occupancy. The COVID-19 global pandemic has led to the global market place operating at a very uncertain time which has led to some hitherto unforeseen challenges and variances in offers. Graham Knight, Head of Global Natural Resources, Willis Towers Watson, said: In these unprecedented and uncertain times, the issue of COVID-19 remained uppermost in all our minds as the power industry and their stakeholders begin to analyse the effects on their balance sheets and on their overall risk landscape. Willis Towers Watson is a global leader when it comes to helping power companies address these growing regulatory, investor, employee and operating pressures through improved offerings that combine the analytics, advice and transactional expertise from across the company. He added: As the power generation sector and its insurance partners adjust to conducting business during the COVID-19 pandemic, all parties must remain disciplined in assessing and managing risks. Risks that are magnified by the pandemic, including the availability of plant and vendor support personnel and any disruption to operation and maintenance tasks, should be managed with the joint goal of ensuring plant reliability. At a time where plant resources might be limited, open and transparent communications with their insurance risk consultants should leveraged to the benefit of all. A full copy of the report can be found at https://willistowerswatson.turtl.co/story/power-market-review-2020/ About Willis Towers Watson Willis Towers Watson (NASDAQ: WLTW) is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that helps clients around the world turn risk into a path for growth. With roots dating to 1828, Willis Towers Watson has 45,000 employees serving more than 140 countries and markets. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent, and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. Our unique perspective allows us to see the critical intersections between talent, assets and ideas the dynamic formula that drives business performance. Together, we unlock potential. Learn more at willistowerswatson.com. Media contact

QTC Medical Services Awarded Prime Contracts by U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Company to Continue to Provide Medical Disability Examinations for the Veterans Benefits Administration RESTON, Va., Jan. 23, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- QTC Medical Services, Inc, a Leidos company (NYSE: LDOS), was awarded four prime contracts by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to continue to provide medical disability examinations for the Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA). The multiple award, fixed-unit-price, indefinite delivery/ indefinite quantity contracts have a one-year base period of performance and nine option years with a total aggregate estimated ceiling value of approximately $7 billion, if all options are exercised. These awards are in addition to the previous award of VBA's only nationwide contract supporting disability examinations for separating and retiring Department of Defense Servicemembers. The series of contract awards is part of a VA initiative to improve disability examination experiences for Veterans through an efficient and streamlined process. The new program management and delivery process will also continue to ensure broad national and international coverage of medical examination requirements to meet Veterans' needs worldwide. QTC will apply its more than 35 years of expertise in providing high-quality, technology-driven exam solutions to continue to provide the VBA with medical disability examination services under the new contracts. QTC uses its customized, systematic operational workflow to manage operations and help VA achieve efficiency and accuracy goals. "Our Veterans deserve an expedient, efficient and reliable system to provide medical disability examinations," said QTC Senior Vice President Grant Kim. "We have a long history of supporting the VA 20 years and over 7 million exams and are honored they've entrusted us to continue to provide these important services for our Veterans." About QTC QTC Medical Services, Inc., acquired by Leidos in 2016, partners with each customer to identify existing and forecasted program needs and delivers a full complement of disability-focused medical examination and diagnostic testing services. Since 2000, QTC has provided more than 7 million physical evaluative examinations. About LeidosLeidos is a Fortune 500 information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 32,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.17 billion for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2017. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 29, 2017, and other such filings that Leidos makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Contact: Melissa Koskovich Erin Tindell (571) 526-6850 (571) 526-6996 [email protected] [email protected] SOURCE Leidos Related Links http://www.leidos.com

Myriad Receives FDA Approval of BRACAnalysis CDx as a Companion Diagnostic for Lynparza in HRR-mutated Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer SALT LAKE CITY, May 20, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Myriad Genetics, Inc. (NASDAQ: MYGN), a leader in molecular diagnostics and precision medicine, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the BRACAnalysis CDx test for use as a companion diagnostic by healthcare professionals to identify men with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC) who are eligible for treatment with Lynparza (olaparib). Lynparza is approved for the treatment of adult patients with deleterious or suspected deleterious germline or somatic homologous recombination repair (HRR) gene-mutated metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC) who have progressed following prior treatment with enzalutamide or abiraterone. Lynparza is a novel PARP inhibitor jointly developed and commercialized by AstraZeneca (LSE/STO/NYSE: AZN) and Merck, known as MSD outside of the U.S. and Canada. This approval is our seventh regulatory approval for BRACAnalysis CDx in support of Lynparza and further demonstrates our commitment to improve the lives of patients with cancer, said Nicole Lambert, president Myriad Oncology and Women s Health. The BRACAnalysis CDx test provides clinicians with the vital information needed to quickly match patients with an appropriate treatment option. BRACAnalysis CDx is the only FDA-approved germline test to identify men with BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations, a subpopulation of HRR gene mutations. In the PROfound trial, patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer who have HRR gene mutations had a statistically-significant and clinically meaningful improvement of radiographic progression-free survival when treated with Lynparza versus abiraterone acetate or enzalutamide. Studies have demonstrated that PARP inhibitors are highly effective in men with BRCA1/BRCA2 mutations, in addition to other mutations in HRR pathways. Once we identify who these men are, they will have more options for treatment, said Todd Cohen, M.D., board-certified urologist and vice president of Medical Affairs for Myriad Urology. NCCN guidelines recommend that men with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer undergo genetic testing alongside an assessment of HRR gene mutations in the tumor. The collaboration between Myriad and AstraZeneca began in 2007 and has resulted in eight regulatory approvals for BRACAnalysis CDx and myChoice CDx enabling more patients to benefit from treatment with olaparib. About Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer Prostate cancer is the second-most common cancer in men and is associated with a significant mortality rate. In men with mCRPC, their prostate cancer grows and spreads to other parts of the body despite the use of androgen-deprivation therapy to block the action of male sex hormones. An estimated 20 to 30 percent of men with advanced prostate cancer will develop CRPC within five years, and at least 84 percent of these men will have metastases at the time of CRPC diagnosis. Of men with no metastases at CRPC diagnosis, 33 percent are likely to develop metastases within two years. Despite advances in treatment for men with mCRPC, five-year survival is low and extending survival remains a key goal for treating these men. About BRACAnalysis CDx BRACAnalysis CDx is an in vitro diagnostic device intended for the qualitative detection and classification of variants in the protein coding regions and intron/exon boundaries of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes using genomic DNA obtained from whole blood specimens collected in EDTA. Single nucleotide variants and small insertions and deletions (indels) are identified by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and Sanger sequencing. Large deletions and duplications in BRCA1 and BRCA2 are detected using multiplex PCR. Results of the test are used as an aid in identifying cancer patients with deleterious or suspected deleterious germline BRCA variants, who are or may become eligible for treatment with Lynparza (olaparib). Detection of deleterious or suspected deleterious germline BRCA1 and BRCA2 variants by the BRACAnalysis CDx test in ovarian cancer patients is also associated with enhanced progression-free survival (PFS) from Zejula (niraparib) maintenance therapy. This assay is for professional use only and is to be performed only at Myriad Genetic Laboratories, a single laboratory site located at 320 Wakara Way, Salt Lake City, UT 84108. Learn more at www.bracanalysiscdx.com. About Myriad Genetics Myriad Genetics Inc., is a leading personalized medicine company dedicated to being a trusted advisor transforming patient lives worldwide with pioneering molecular diagnostics. Myriad discovers and commercializes molecular diagnostic tests that: determine the risk of developing disease, accurately diagnose disease, assess the risk of disease progression, and guide treatment decisions across six major medical specialties where molecular diagnostics can significantly improve patient care and lower healthcare costs. Myriad is focused on three strategic imperatives: transitioning and expanding its hereditary cancer testing markets, diversifying its product portfolio through the introduction of new products and increasing the revenue contribution from international markets. For more information on how Myriad is making a difference, please visit the Company's website: www.myriad.com. Myriad, the Myriad logo, BART, BRACAnalysis, Colaris, Colaris AP, myPath, myRisk, Myriad myRisk, myRisk Hereditary Cancer, myChoice, myPlan, BRACAnalysis CDx, Tumor BRACAnalysis CDx, myChoice CDx, Vectra, Prequel, Foresight, GeneSight, riskScore and Prolaris are trademarks or registered trademarks of Myriad Genetics, Inc. or its wholly owned subsidiaries in the United States and foreign countries. MYGN-F, MYGN-G. Lynparza is a registered trademark of AstraZeneca. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements related to men identified with BRCA1/BRCA2 mutations having more options for treatment; and the Company s strategic directives under the caption "About Myriad Genetics." These "forward-looking statements" are based on management's current expectations of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: uncertainties associated with COVID-19, including its possible effects on our operations and the demand for our products and services; our ability to efficiently and flexibly manage our business amid uncertainties related to COVID-19; the risk that sales and profit margins of our molecular diagnostic tests and pharmaceutical and clinical services may decline; risks related to our ability to transition from our existing product portfolio to our new tests, including unexpected costs and delays; risks related to decisions or changes in governmental or private insurers reimbursement levels for our tests or our ability to obtain reimbursement for our new tests at comparable levels to our existing tests; risks related to increased competition and the development of new competing tests and services; the risk that we may be unable to develop or achieve commercial success for additional molecular diagnostic tests and pharmaceutical and clinical services in a timely manner, or at all; the risk that we may not successfully develop new markets for our molecular diagnostic tests and pharmaceutical and clinical services, including our ability to successfully generate revenue outside the United States; the risk that licenses to the technology underlying our molecular diagnostic tests and pharmaceutical and clinical services and any future tests and services are terminated or cannot be maintained on satisfactory terms; risks related to delays or other problems with operating our laboratory testing facilities and our healthcare clinic; risks related to public concern over genetic testing in general or our tests in particular; risks related to regulatory requirements or enforcement in the United States and foreign countries and changes in the structure of the healthcare system or healthcare payment systems; risks related to our ability to obtain new corporate collaborations or licenses and acquire new technologies or businesses on satisfactory terms, if at all; risks related to our ability to successfully integrate and derive benefits from any technologies or businesses that we license or acquire; risks related to our projections about our business, results of operations and financial condition; risks related to the potential market opportunity for our products and services; the risk that we or our licensors may be unable to protect or that third parties will infringe the proprietary technologies underlying our tests; the risk of patent-infringement claims or challenges to the validity of our patents or other intellectual property; risks related to changes in intellectual property laws covering our molecular diagnostic tests and pharmaceutical and clinical services and patents or enforcement in the United States and foreign countries, such as the Supreme Court decisions in Mayo Collab. Servs. v. Prometheus Labs., Inc., 566 U.S. 66 (2012), Ass n for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc., 569 U.S. 576 (2013), and Alice Corp. v. CLS Bank Int l, 573 U.S. 208 (2014); risks of new, changing and competitive technologies and regulations in the United States and internationally; the risk that we may be unable to comply with financial operating covenants under our credit or lending agreements; the risk that we will be unable to pay, when due, amounts due under our credit or lending agreements; and other factors discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" contained in Item 1A of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as any updates to those risk factors filed from time to time in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release, and Myriad undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law.

International Seaways Announces Contract to Install Scrubbers NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--International Seaways, Inc. (NYSE: INSW) ( INSW ), one of the largest tanker companies worldwide providing energy transportation services for crude oil, petroleum products and liquefied natural gas ( LNG ), today announced that it has signed contracts with Clean Marine AS of Norway and a qualified system installer for the purchase and installation of exhaust gas cleaning systems ( scrubbers ) on seven of its modern VLCCs, with an option for a further three systems covering the remaining three modern VLCCs in its fleet. The seven scrubbers are all to be installed prior to January 1, 2020, when the new 0.5% IMO sulfur emission cap goes into effect. Clean Marine AS is a leading provider of marine exhaust scrubber systems with proven systems well suited to tankers. The seven scrubber units are intended to be funded with available liquidity. Following significant economic analysis and evaluation of different systems, we are pleased to have executed contracts to install scrubbers on a large portion of our VLCC fleet, said Lois Zabrocky, President and CEO of International Seaways. We believe that by installing scrubbers on our largest ships, we will gain an economic advantage while further demonstrating a commitment to the environment as we did with our recent acquisition of highly efficient VLCCs. In addition to being well positioned to capitalize on a market recovery based on International Seaways sizeable high-quality fleet, our scrubber initiative also strengthens the Company s ability to take advantage of a potential strong tanker market resulting from the IMO regulations, as both crude and product tankers stand to benefit from increased transportation demand. About International Seaways, Inc. International Seaways, Inc. (NYSE:INSW) is one of the largest tanker companies worldwide providing energy transportation services for crude oil, petroleum products and LNG. International Seaways owns and operates a fleet of 52 vessels, including 14 VLCCs, two Suezmaxes, seven Aframaxes/LR2s, 11 Panamaxes/LR1s and 12 MR tankers. Through joint ventures, it has ownership interests in four LNG carriers and two floating storage and offloading service vessels. International Seaways has an experienced team committed to the very best operating practices and the highest levels of customer service and operational efficiency. International Seaways is headquartered in New York City, NY. Additional information is available at www.intlseas.com. Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements. In addition, the Company may make or approve certain statements in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), in press releases, or in oral or written presentations by representatives of the Company. All statements other than statements of historical facts should be considered forward-looking statements. These matters or statements may relate to the Company s plans to issue dividends, its prospects, including statements regarding vessel acquisitions, trends in the tanker markets, and possibilities of strategic alliances and investments. Forward-looking statements are based on the Company s current plans, estimates and projections, and are subject to change based on a number of factors. Investors should carefully consider the risk factors outlined in more detail in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2017 for the Company, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018, and in similar sections of other filings made by the Company with the SEC from time to time. The Company assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements and written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or its representatives after the date of this release are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this paragraph and in other reports previously or hereafter filed by the Company with the SEC.

EES Increases Revenue for a Third Year in a Row Year-End 2019 Financial Results OKLAHOMA CITY, March 30, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Energy and Environmental Services, Inc. (OTC-PINK: EESE) announced its unaudited financial results for the year ended December 31, 2019. Revenues increased from $7,201,300 to $8,566,800 in 2019. The cost of sale margins also improved in 2019, which were 52.0% of sales in 2018 versus 34.0% of sales in 2019. Despite these increases, EES realized a net loss from operations of $(414,400) in 2019 versus net income from operations of $39,300 in 2018. The 2019 loss was due primarily to increased general and administrative costs. The acquisitions of Patriot Chemicals and Graham Trucking in 2019 grew revenues, but also resulted in higher general and administrative expenses. EES finished 2019 with working capital of $4,460,400, cash and cash equivalents of $1,600,600, and inventory of $518,200. In addition to acquisition consideration of $3,5 million in 2019, EES invested nearly $800,000 in property, plant and equipment. "Our people deserve all the credit. They make us great," stated Leon Joyce, CEO. "You need top notch people to take care of your customers and that is exactly what we have," he added. "Our strategy to grow by acquiring companies is working. The strategic acquisitions of Patriot Chemicals and Graham Trucking greatly contributed to the growth. We will continue to invest in our future." 2019 EES Financial Highlights Increased sales 19% in 2019 to $8,566,800 from $7,201,300 in 2018 Realized a net operating loss of $414,400 due to higher G&A Acquired Patriot Chemicals for $3.4 million in stock, cash and notes Acquired Graham Trucking or $85,000 Pro-Forma Financial Highlights The pro forma results reflect the acquisitions at the beginning of the periods. Year Ended December 31, 2019 2018 Revenues $11,023,900 $11,536,500 Earnings from continuing operations $ 45,700 $ 49,700 Outlook EES is entering a very trying time, not only in the oil and gas industry, but in the broader economy. In March 2020, the market experienced a precipitous decline in oil prices in response to oil demand concerns due to the economic impacts of the COVID-19 virus and anticipated increases in supply from Russia and OPEC, particularly Saudi Arabia. During 2019, WTI crude oil price averaged approximately $56.05 per barrel. As of March 25, 2020, the WTI crude oil price closed at $24.49. Despite these developments, EES has shown recent sales success. During 2019, Patriot opened a new yard in Canadian, Texas, and EES completed manufacturing upgrades to its Snyder, Texas facility. With these and other measures, EES anticipates continued growth in its production chemicals segment. It anticipates increases in coating sales in 2020. It installed a new 35-foot oven, which it expects to be operational by the second quarter 2020. This oven should give EES the capacity to coat larger volumes of pipe, which will allow it to better meet the demand for coated pipe. EES's 2019 annual report and proxy statement can be viewed on its website in the Investor section at www.eesokc.com and on the OTC markets website www.otcmarkets.com, under its filings and disclosure.Further announcements will be forthcoming. About EES Established in 1991, Energy and Environmental Services, Inc. (OTC: EESE) owns and operates factories and warehouses in Oklahoma and Texas where it manufactures, blends, and packages custom liquid, solid, and dry powder chemical products for the oil & gas, agricultural, and protective coatings industries. EES has also expanded to develop innovative products and applications for enzyme system technologies and livestock feed supplements. Please visit EES's website at www.eesokc.com. Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking StatementsCertain statements contained in this press release are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Energy & Environmental Services actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, Energy & Environmental Services expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. SOURCE Energy and Environmental Services, Inc. Related Links https://eesokc.com

Entasis Therapeutics Awarded Contract from National Institutes of Health WALTHAM, Mass., July 06, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Entasis Therapeutics Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: ETTX), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of novel antibacterial products, today announced it has entered into a contract with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The initial award of approximately $3 million, with the potential to increase up to $15.5 million, will be used to develop novel molecules from its non- -lactam inhibitor (NBP) platform with expanded antimicrobial spectrum. We are extremely pleased that NIAID has awarded Entasis this contract that will help further expand the scope of our NBP program, commented Dr. Ruben Tommasi, Chief Scientific Officer of Entasis Therapeutics. This funding validates the pre-clinical safety and efficacy data demonstrated by our lead NBP candidate, ETX0462, in both in vivo and in vitro models against drug-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections, and the potential of the NBP platform to deliver additional molecules with expanded antimicrobial spectrum. We look forward to pursuing development of additional candidates from this novel class of Gram-negative antibiotics. Funding from the contract will support research towards developing molecules with expanded Gram-negative spectrum against antibiotic resistant bacterial pathogens including E. coli, Acinetobacter, Pseudomonas and Klebsiella. Subject to achieving pre-defined milestones, the contract will fund work up to IND-ready stage. National Institutes of Health, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases contract 75N93020C00017. About Entasis Entasis is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of novel antibacterial products to treat serious infections caused by multidrug-resistant Gram-negative bacteria. Entasis pathogen-targeted design platform has produced a pipeline of product candidates, including sulbactam-durlobactam (targeting Acinetobacter baumannii infections), zoliflodacin (targeting Neisseria gonorrhoeae infections), ETX0282CPDP (targeting Enterobacteriaceae infections) and ETX0462 (targeting Pseudomonas infections). For more information, visit www.entasistx.com . Entasis Forward-looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as may, will, expect, plan, anticipate, estimate, intend and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on Entasis expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Many factors may cause differences between current expectations and actual results, including unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during non-clinical or clinical studies, clinical site activation rates or clinical trial enrollment rates that are lower than expected and changes in expected or existing competition, changes in the regulatory environment, failure of Entasis collaborators to support or advance collaborations or product candidates and unexpected litigation or other disputes. Many of these factors are beyond Entasis control. These and other risks and uncertainties are described more fully in the Entasis filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the section titled Risk Factors contained therein. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are made as of this date, and except as required by law, Entasis assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations, even as new information becomes available. Entasis Company Contact Kyle Dow Entasis Therapeutics (781) 810-0114 kyle.dow@entasistx.com Investor Relations Contacts Tram Bui / James Salierno The Ruth Group (646) 536-7035 / 7028 tbui@theruthgroup.com jsalierno@theruthgroup.com

McDermott Awarded Sizeable Offshore Engineering Contract by Qatar Petroleum McDermott awarded an offshore FEED contract for the North Field Expansion Project Award includes submission of an EPCI proposal Award booked into McDermott's Q2 2019 backlog HOUSTON, July 11, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- McDermott International, Inc. (NYSE: MDR) announced it has been awarded a sizeable* contract by Qatar Petroleum (QP) to carry out front-end engineering and design (FEED) work for offshore wellhead platforms, pipelines and cables associated with the North Field Expansion (NFE) project. The scope includes the design of four offshore trunk lines with intra-field pipelines, eight wellhead platforms and power and fiber optic (PFO) subsea cable rings. The FEED contract will be executed from McDermott's Doha offices, with drafting to be executed in Chennai. Work on the project will begin immediately, and the contract award will be reflected in McDermott's second quarter 2019 backlog. * - McDermott defines a sizeable contract as between USD $1 million and USD $50 million. About McDermott McDermott is a premier, fully integrated provider of technology, engineering and construction solutions to the energy industry. For more than a century, customers have trusted McDermott to design and build end-to-end infrastructure and technology solutions to transport and transform oil and gas into the products the world needs today. Our proprietary technologies, integrated expertise and comprehensive solutions deliver certainty, innovation and added value to energy projects around the world. Customers rely on McDermott to deliver certainty to the most complex projects, from concept to commissioning. It is called the "One McDermott Way." Operating in over 54 countries, McDermott's locally focused and globally-integrated resources include approximately 32,000 employees, a diversified fleet of specialty marine construction vessels and fabrication facilities around the world. To learn more, visit www.mcdermott.com. Forward-Looking Statements In accordance with the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, McDermott cautions that statements in this press release which are forward-looking, and provide other than historical information, involve risks, contingencies and uncertainties that may impact McDermott's actual results of operations. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about backlog, to the extent backlog may be viewed as an indicator of future revenues or profitability, and statements about the expected value, scope, execution and timing of the project discussed in this press release. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in those forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that those expectations will prove to have been correct. Those statements are made by using various underlying assumptions and are subject to numerous risks, contingencies and uncertainties, including, among others: adverse changes in the markets in which we operate or credit markets, our inability to successfully execute on contracts in backlog, changes in project design or schedules, the availability of qualified personnel, changes in the terms, scope or timing of contracts, contract cancellations, change orders and other modifications and actions by our customers and other business counterparties, changes in industry norms and adverse outcomes in legal or other dispute resolution proceedings. If one or more of these risks materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. For a more complete discussion of these and other risk factors, please see McDermott's annual and quarterly filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. This press release reflects management's views as of the date hereof. Except to the extent required by applicable law, McDermott undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. Contacts: Investor Relations Scott LambVice President, Investor Relations+1 832-513-1068 [email protected] Global Media Relations Gentry BrannSenior Vice President, Communications, Marketing and Administration +1 281-870-5269[email protected] Local Area Media Relations Barbara Knight Senior Director, Area Communications and MarketingMiddle East and North Africa (MENA)+971 (0)4 804 3990[email protected] SOURCE McDermott International, Inc. Related Links https://www.mcdermott.com

Lilly Announces Agreement To Acquire Loxo Oncology INDIANAPOLIS and STAMFORD, Conn., Jan. 7, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Acquisition will broaden the scope of Lilly's oncology portfolio into precision medicines through the addition of a marketed therapy and a pipeline of highly selective potential medicines for patients with genomically defined cancers. Loxo Oncology's pipeline includes LOXO-292, an oral RET inhibitor being studied across multiple tumor types, which recently was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA and could launch in 2020. Loxo Oncology's Vitrakvi (larotrectinib) is an oral TRK inhibitor developed and commercialized in collaboration with Bayer that was recently approved by the FDA. Lilly will commence a tender offer to acquire all outstanding shares of Loxo Oncology for a purchase price of $235.00 per share in cash, or approximately $8.0 billion. Lilly will conduct a conference call with the investment community and media today at 8:45 a.m. EST. Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE: LLY) and Loxo Oncology, Inc. (NASDAQ: LOXO) today announced a definitive agreement for Lilly to acquire Loxo Oncology for $235.00 per share in cash, or approximately $8.0 billion. Loxo Oncology is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of highly selective medicines for patients with genomically defined cancers. The acquisition would be the largest and latest in a series of transactions Lilly has conducted to broaden its cancer treatment efforts with externally sourced opportunities for first-in-class and best-in-class therapies. Loxo Oncology is developing a pipeline of targeted medicines focused on cancers that are uniquely dependent on single gene abnormalities that can be detected by genomic testing. For patients with cancers that harbor these genomic alterations, a targeted medicine could have the potential to treat the cancer with dramatic effect. Loxo Oncology has a promising portfolio of approved and investigational medicines, including: LOXO-292, a first-in-class oral RET inhibitor that has been granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA for three indications, with an initial potential launch in 2020. LOXO-292 targets cancers with alterations to the rearranged during transfection (RET) kinase. RET fusions and mutations occur across multiple tumor types, including certain lung and thyroid cancers as well as a subset of other cancers. LOXO-305, an oral BTK inhibitor currently in Phase 1/2. LOXO-305 targets cancers with alterations to the Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK), and is designed to address acquired resistance to currently available BTK inhibitors. BTK is a validated molecular target found across numerous B-cell leukemias and lymphomas. Vitrakvi, a first-in-class oral TRK inhibitor developed and commercialized in collaboration with Bayer that was recently approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Vitrakvi is the first treatment that targets a specific genetic abnormality to receive a tumor-agnostic indication at the time of initial FDA approval. LOXO-195, a follow-on TRK inhibitor also being studied by Loxo Oncology and Bayer for acquired resistance to TRK inhibition, with a potential launch in 2022. "Using tailored medicines to target key tumor dependencies offers an increasingly robust approach to cancer treatment," said Daniel Skovronsky, M.D., Ph.D., Lilly's chief scientific officer and president of Lilly Research Laboratories. "Loxo Oncology's portfolio of RET, BTK and TRK inhibitors targeted specifically to patients with mutations or fusions in these genes, in combination with advanced diagnostics that allow us to know exactly which patients may benefit, creates new opportunities to improve the lives of people with advanced cancer." "We are gratified that Lilly has recognized our contributions to the field of precision medicine and are excited to see our pipeline benefit from the resources and global reach of the Lilly organization," said Josh Bilenker, M.D., chief executive officer of Loxo Oncology. "Tumor genomic profiling is becoming standard-of-care, and it will be critical to continue innovating against new targets, while anticipating mechanisms of resistance to available therapies, so that patients with advanced cancer have the chance to live longer and better lives." "Lilly Oncology is committed to developing innovative, breakthrough medicines that will make a meaningful difference for people with cancer and help them live longer, healthier lives," said Anne White, president of Lilly Oncology. "The acquisition of Loxo Oncology represents an exciting and immediate opportunity to expand the breadth of our portfolio into precision medicines and target cancers that are caused by specific gene abnormalities. The ability to target tumor dependencies in these populations is a key part of our Lilly Oncology strategy. We look forward to continuing to advance the pioneering scientific innovation begun by Loxo Oncology." "We are excited to have reached this agreement with a team that shares our commitment to ensuring that emerging translational science reaches patients in need," said Jacob Van Naarden, chief operating officer of Loxo Oncology. "We are confident that the work we have started, which includes an FDA approved drug, and a pipeline spanning from Phase 2 to discovery, will continue to thrive in Lilly's hands." Under the terms of the agreement, Lilly will commence a tender offer to acquire all outstanding shares of Loxo Oncology for a purchase price of $235.00 per share in cash, or approximately $8.0 billion. The transaction is not subject to any financing condition and is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of 2019, subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and the tender of a majority of the outstanding shares of Loxo Oncology's common stock. Following the successful closing of the tender offer, Lilly will acquire any shares of Loxo Oncology that are not tendered into the tender offer through a second-step merger at the tender offer price. The tender offer represents a premium of approximately 68 percent to Loxo Oncology's closing stock price on January 4, 2019, the last trading day before the announcement of the transaction. Loxo Oncology's board recommends that Loxo Oncology's shareholders tender their shares in the tender offer. Additionally, a Loxo Oncology shareholder, beneficially owning approximately 6.6 percent of Loxo Oncology's outstanding common stock, has agreed to tender its shares in the tender offer. This transaction will be reflected in Lilly's financial results and financial guidance according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). Lilly will provide an update to its 2019 financial guidance, including the expected impact from the acquisition of Loxo Oncology, as part of its fourth-quarter and full-year 2018 financial results announcement on February 13, 2019. For Lilly, Deutsche Bank is acting as the exclusive financial advisor and Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP is acting as legal advisor in this transaction. For Loxo Oncology, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is acting as exclusive financial advisor and Fenwick & West LLP is acting as legal advisor. Conference Call and WebcastLilly will conduct a conference call with the investment community and media today at 8:45 a.m. EST to discuss the acquisition of Loxo Oncology. Investors, media and the general public can access a live webcast of the conference call through the Webcasts & Presentations link that will be posted on Lilly's website at www.lilly.com. The webcast of the conference call will be available for replay through February 7, 2019. About LOXO-292LOXO-292 is an oral and selective investigational new drug in clinical development for the treatment of patients with cancers that harbor abnormalities in the rearranged during transfection (RET) kinase. RET fusions and mutations occur across multiple tumor types with varying frequency. LOXO-292 was designed to inhibit native RET signaling as well as anticipated acquired resistance mechanisms that could otherwise limit the activity of this therapeutic approach. LOXO-292 has been granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the U.S. FDA for three indications, and could launch as early as 2020. About LOXO-305LOXO-305 is an investigational, highly selective non-covalent Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor. BTK plays a key role in the B-cell antigen receptor signaling pathway, which is required for the development, activation and survival of normal white blood cells, known as B-cells, and malignant B-cells. BTK is a validated molecular target found across numerous B-cell leukemias and lymphomas including chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, mantle cell lymphoma and marginal zone lymphoma. About Vitrakvi (larotrectinib)Vitrakvi is an oral TRK inhibitor for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with solid tumors with a neurotrophic receptor tyrosine kinase (NTRK) gene fusion without a known acquired resistance mutation that are either metastatic or where surgical resection will likely result in severe morbidity, and have no satisfactory alternative treatments or have progressed following treatment. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on overall response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. About LOXO-195LOXO-195 is a selective TRK inhibitor that is being investigated to address potential mechanisms of acquired resistance that may emerge in patients receiving Vitrakvi (larotrectinib) or other multikinase inhibitors with anti-TRK activity. About Eli Lilly and CompanyLilly is a global healthcare leader that unites caring with discovery to create medicines that make life better for people around the world. We were founded more than a century ago by a man committed to creating high-quality medicines that meet real needs, and today we remain true to that mission in all our work. Across the globe, Lilly employees work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. To learn more about Lilly, please visit us at www.lilly.com and www.lilly.com/newsroom/social-channels. C-LLY About Loxo OncologyLoxo Oncology is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of highly selective medicines for patients with genomically defined cancers. Our pipeline focuses on cancers that are uniquely dependent on single gene abnormalities, such that a single drug has the potential to treat the cancer with dramatic effect. We believe that the most selective, purpose-built medicines have the highest probability of maximally inhibiting the intended target, with the intention of delivering best-in-class disease control and safety. Our management team seeks out experienced industry partners, world-class scientific advisors and innovative clinical-regulatory approaches to deliver new cancer therapies to patients as quickly and efficiently as possible. For more information, please visit the company's website at http://www.loxooncology.com. Lilly Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements about the benefits of Lilly's acquisition of Loxo Oncology, Inc. ("Loxo Oncology"). It reflects Lilly's current beliefs; however, as with any such undertaking, there are substantial risks and uncertainties in implementing the transaction and in drug development. Among other things, there can be no guarantee that the transaction will be completed in the anticipated timeframe, or at all, or that the conditions required to complete the transaction will be met, that Lilly will realize the expected benefits of the transaction, that the molecules will be approved on the anticipated timeline or at all, or that the potential products will be commercially successful. For further discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, see Lilly's most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("the SEC"). Lilly will provide an update to certain elements of its 2019 financial guidance as part of its fourth quarter and full-year 2018 financial results announcement. Except as required by law, Lilly undertakes no duty to update forward-looking statements to reflect events after the date of this release. Loxo Oncology Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" relating to the acquisition of Loxo Oncology by Lilly. Such forward-looking statements include the ability of Loxo Oncology and Lilly to complete the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the parties' ability to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the offer and the other conditions set forth in the merger agreement and the possibility of any termination of the merger agreement, as well as the role of targeted genomics and diagnostics in oncology treatment and acceleration of our work in developing medicines. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances, assumptions and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from current expectations because of risks associated with uncertainties as to the timing of the offer and the subsequent merger; uncertainties as to how many of Loxo Oncology's stockholders will tender their shares in the offer; the risk that competing offers or acquisition proposals will be made; the possibility that various conditions to the consummation of the offer or the merger may not be satisfied or waived; the effects of disruption from the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement on Loxo Oncology's business and the fact that the announcement and pendency of the transactions may make it more difficult to establish or maintain relationships with employees, suppliers and other business partners; the risk that stockholder litigation in connection with the offer or the merger may result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability; other uncertainties pertaining to the business of Loxo Oncology, including those set forth in the "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" sections of Loxo Oncology's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, which is on file with the SEC and available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Additional factors may be set forth in those sections of Loxo Oncology's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018, filed with the SEC in the fourth quarter of 2018. In addition to the risks described above and in Loxo Oncology's other filings with the SEC, other unknown or unpredictable factors could also affect Loxo Oncology's results. No forward-looking statements can be guaranteed and actual results may differ materially from such statements. The information contained in this press release is provided only as of the date of this report, and Loxo Oncology undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements either contained in or incorporated by reference into this report on account of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Additional Information about the Acquisition and Where to Find It The tender offer for the outstanding shares of Loxo Oncology referenced in this communication has not yet commenced. This announcement is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Loxo Oncology, nor is it a substitute for the tender offer materials that Lilly and its acquisition subsidiary will file with the SEC upon commencement of the tender offer. At the time the tender offer is commenced, Lilly and its acquisition subsidiary will file tender offer materials on Schedule TO, and Loxo Oncology will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with the SEC with respect to the tender offer. THE TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING AN OFFER TO PURCHASE, A RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND CERTAIN OTHER TENDER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. HOLDERS OF SHARES OF LOXO ONCOLOGY ARE URGED TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE (AS EACH MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME) BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT HOLDERS OF LOXO ONCOLOGY SECURITIES SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING THEIR SECURITIES. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, will be made available to all holders of shares of Loxo Oncology at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be made available for free at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. In addition to the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, Lilly and Loxo Oncology file annual, quarterly and special reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Lilly or Loxo Oncology at the SEC public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Lilly's and Loxo Oncology's filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Refer to: Mark Taylor; [email protected]; (317) 276-5795 (Lilly Media) Kevin Hern; [email protected]; (317) 277-1838 (Lilly Investors) Lauren Cohen; [email protected]; (617) 678-2067 (Loxo Oncology) Peter Rahmer; [email protected]; (415) 515-9763 (Loxo Investors) Dan Budwick; [email protected]; (973) 271-6085 (Loxo Media) SOURCE Eli Lilly and Company Related Links https://www.lilly.com

Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Announces Positive Top Line Results from Exploratory Open Label Phase 2 BRIGHT Trial of Zygel in Autism Spectrum Disorder - The BRIGHT Trial Achieved Statistically Significant and Clinically Meaningful Improvements from Baseline in All Subscales of the Aberrant Behavior Checklist - - Safety Data Reinforce Excellent Tolerability Profile of Zygel - - Zynerba to host conference call and webcast today, May 27, 2020 at 8:30 am ET - DEVON, Pa., May 27, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ZYNE), the leader in innovative pharmaceutically-produced transdermal cannabinoid therapies for rare and near-rare neuropsychiatric disorders, today announced positive top line results from the exploratory, open label Phase 2 BRIGHT (An Open-Label Tolerability and Efficacy Study of ZYN002 Administered as a Transdermal Gel to Children and Adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorder) trial. The trial was designed to assess the safety, tolerability and efficacy of Zygel in pediatric and adolescent patients with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Zygel was administered to patients with moderate-to-severe symptoms of ASD as add-on therapy to their standard of care utilizing a variety of efficacy assessments. Key findings from the trial disclosed today include: All five subscales of the Aberrant Behavior Checklist Community (ABC-C) as well as the Parent Rated Anxiety Scale - Autism Spectrum Disorder (PRAS-ASD) showed both statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements at 14 weeks of treatment from baseline; The results observed in other efficacy outcome measures, including Clinical Global Impressions - Improvement scale (CGI-I), support the subscale results observed in the ABC-C; Zygel was well tolerated in this trial with no serious or severe adverse events reported. We are very encouraged by the compelling top line results of the BRIGHT trial and we expect to meet with the FDA to discuss the clinical pathway for developing Zygel for the treatment of behavioral symptoms of ASD in the second half of this year, said Armando Anido, Zynerba s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Our goal is to develop Zygel for patients suffering from debilitating neuropsychiatric disorders including ASD, Fragile X syndrome, 22q and DEE. I want to thank the patients, families, physicians, clinical staff, and the Zynerba team for their support of this key study in ASD." Study Design The 14-week exploratory, open label Phase 2 BRIGHT trial enrolled 37 patients with ASD at a single clinical site. The trial was designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability and efficacy of Zygel in children and adolescents ages three to 17 with ASD as confirmed by DSM-5 diagnostic criteria. Enrolled patients received weight-based doses of 250 mg or 500 mg daily of Zygel. Patient Disposition and Baseline Demographics Thirty-seven (37) patients were enrolled in the trial and are included in the safety analysis. One patient was lost to follow up with no post-treatment efficacy evaluation and, as a result, thirty-six (36) patients are included in the efficacy analyses. Twenty-eight (28) patients completed the 14-week trial. The discontinuation rate is consistent with other trials in ASD. The mean age of patients enrolled in the trial was 9.2 years and thirty-four (92%) of the patients were male. Patients weighed between 15 and 108 kilograms (mean=41.6; median=30.2). The mean time to diagnosis in this population was 5.4 years. Using the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule (ADOS-2), 94% of enrolled patients had moderate-to-severe symptoms of ASD. The mean baseline ABC-C Irritability subscale score of 30.3 further supports the severity of the enrolled patient population. Ninety-two percent (92%) of patients entered the trial with the use of at least one underlying medication. Sixty-five percent (65%) of patients were on at least one psychotropic medication, for example, anti-depressants, anxiolytics and antipsychotics. Top-line Efficacy Results The trial evaluated multiple efficacy assessments, including the ABC-C, PRAS-ASD, Autism Parenting Stress Index, Autism Impact Measure (AIM), and Clinical Global Impression Severity (CGI-S) and Improvement (CGI-I). The ABC-C irritability subscale was used as the basis for approval for the two atypical antipsychotics indicated for ASD. Results from each of the subscales of the ABC-C after 14 weeks of treatment with Zygel are as follows: ABC-C Subscale Baseline (n=36) Week 14 (n=28) Mean % improvement p Value Irritability 30.3 18.2 39.1% <0.0001* Inappropriate Speech 7.4 5.2 42.5% 0.0002* Stereotypy 12.3 7.9 39.1% <0.0001* Social withdrawal 25.1 16.5 36.4% <0.0001* Hyperactivity 37.0 23.9 35.6% <0.0001* *Statistically significant The results of other efficacy assessments reinforce the results demonstrated in the ABC-C. For example, patients on Zygel experienced a mean improvement of 46% at week 14 from a baseline score of 40.8 as measured by the PRAS-ASD (p<0.0001) and 57% of patients were assessed as very much improved or much improved at week 14 as measured by the CGI-I. I am very impressed with the improvements my patients made over the 14-week treatment period while receiving Zygel; the reduction in irritability, communication deficits, and repetitive movements were especially noteworthy since some of these are core autistic behaviors, said Helen Heussler, FRACP, Associate Professor at Children s Health Queensland, Medical Director Child Development and principal investigator in the BRIGHT trial. The magnitude of effect on autistic behaviors in this trial is significant, including hyperactivity and stereotypy, which are among the most difficult behaviors to improve with therapeutic intervention. The results of this study strongly suggest the potential of this drug as an important treatment for ASD and I look forward to participating in future clinical studies with Zygel. Safety and Tolerability Zygel was very well tolerated, and the safety profile was consistent with previously released data from other Zygel clinical trials. Less than half (49%) of the patients experienced any adverse event (whether unrelated or related to study drug), all of which were mild (75%) or moderate (25%). Only 14% of patients experienced an adverse event that was deemed to be treatment-related, all of which were application site-related; most were mild and transient. There were no severe or serious adverse events reported during the study. Eighteen (18) patients who completed the BRIGHT trial have rolled into the open label extension. Conference call information Zynerba management will host a live conference call and webcast today at 8:30 am Eastern Time to discuss the results of this clinical trial. The call can be accessed by dialing (866) 573-0180 (U.S. and Canada) or (430) 775-1345 (international) and referencing conference ID 6196218. To access the live webcast or the replay, visit the investor page of the Company s website at http://ir.zynerba.com/. The webcast will be recorded and available on the Company s website for 30 days. About Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) Autism Spectrum Disorder is a developmental disorder that affects communication and behavior in approximately one million pediatric and adolescent patients between the ages of five and 17 in the U.S. It refers to a range of conditions characterized by anxiety, repetitive patterns of behavior, impairments in social communication including verbal and non-verbal communication, and deficits in developing and maintaining relationships. Although autism can be diagnosed at any age, it is said to be a developmental disorder because symptoms generally appear in the first two years of life. Research suggests that genes can act together with influences from the environment to affect development in ways that lead to ASD. Newer studies suggest that ASD is linked to disruption in the endocannabinoid system. About Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Zynerba Pharmaceuticals is the leader in pharmaceutically-produced transdermal cannabinoid therapies for rare and near-rare neuropsychiatric disorders. We are committed to improving the lives of patients and their families living with severe, chronic health conditions including Fragile X syndrome, autism spectrum disorder, 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, and a heterogeneous group of rare and ultra-rare epilepsies known as developmental and epileptic encephalopathies. Learn more at www.zynerba.com and follow us on Twitter at @ZynerbaPharma. Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We may, in some cases, use terms such as predicts, believes, potential, proposed, continue, estimates, anticipates, expects, plans, intends, may, could, might, will, should or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to numerous important factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from the Company s current expectations. Management s expectations and, therefore, any forward-looking statements in this press release could also be affected by risks and uncertainties relating to a number of other factors, including the following: the Company s cash and cash equivalents may not be sufficient to support its operating plan for as long as anticipated; the Company s ability to obtain additional funding to support its clinical development programs; the results, cost and timing of the Company s clinical development programs, including any delays to such clinical trials relating to enrollment or site initiation; clinical results for the Company s product candidates may not be replicated or continue to occur in additional trials and may not otherwise support further development in a specified indication or at all; actions or advice of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and foreign regulatory agencies may affect the design, initiation, timing, continuation and/or progress of clinical trials or result in the need for additional clinical trials; the Company s ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for its product candidates, and the labeling under any such approval; the Company s reliance on third parties to assist in conducting pre-clinical and clinical trials for its product candidates; delays, interruptions or failures in the manufacture and supply of the Company s product candidates the Company s ability to commercialize its product candidates; the size and growth potential of the markets for the Company s product candidates, and the Company s ability to service those markets; the Company s ability to develop sales and marketing capabilities, whether alone or with potential future collaborators; the rate and degree of market acceptance of the Company s product candidates; the Company s expectations regarding its ability to obtain and adequately maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for its product candidates; the timing and outcome of current and future legal proceedings; and the extent to which health epidemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases, including COVID-19, could disrupt our operations or adversely affect our business and financial conditions. This list is not exhaustive and these and other risks are described in the Company s periodic reports, including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov. Any forward-looking statements that the Company makes in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. The Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this press release. Zynerba Contact William Roberts, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Zynerba Pharmaceuticals 484.581.7489 robertsw@zynerba.com

Jacobs Awarded Patriot Excalibur Software and Systems Engineering Support Contract at the US Air Force Life Cycle Management Center DALLAS, March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Jacobs (NYSE: JEC) was awarded the Patriot Excalibur (PEX) contract at the U.S. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center at Hanscom Air Force Base in Bedford, Massachusetts. The contract provides a unit-level software toolset that enables Air Force, Joint Service and Foreign Military unit personnel to conduct accurate and real-time operational tasks and track readiness status, connecting functional areas within a unit. The Air Force values the contract at $75.8 million for five years and Jacobs will continue to maintain the PEX software, deliver systems engineering services and support training and field implementations for the duration of the contract. PEX supports both flying and non-flying ground intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, and special mission units and Air Force major commands with integration across multi-domain operations. Work will be performed at more than 30 Air Force locations. "We are committed to delivering PEX with cutting-edge software solutions that are responsive, innovative and sustainable," said Jacobs Aerospace, Technology and Nuclear Senior Vice President Jennifer Richmond. "This significant contract reaffirms our longstanding partnership with the U.S. Air Force as Jacobs continues to invest in innovation that is centered on artificial intelligence, automated design and predictive analytics." As an agile development, cloud and cyber technology industry leader, Jacobs has supported PEX for the U.S. Air Force since the program's inception in 1998. Our experts will continue to provide tailored, mission-oriented solutions for highly technical, high consequence and critical operational requirements that support critical missions for our military. Jacobs leads the global professional services sector delivering solutions for a more connected, sustainable world. With $15 billion in fiscal 2018 revenue and a talent force of more than 80,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of services including scientific, technical, professional and construction- and program-management for business, industrial, commercial, government and infrastructure sectors. For more information, visit www.jacobs.com, and connect with Jacobs on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Statements made in this release that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. We base these forward-looking statements on management's current estimates and expectations as well as currently available competitive, financial and economic data. Forward-looking statements, however, are inherently uncertain. There are a variety of factors that could cause business results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. For a description of some of the factors which may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements please refer to our Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 2018, and in particular the discussions contained under Items 1 - Business, 1A - Risk Factors, 3 - Legal Proceedings, and 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements made herein. For press/media inquiries:Kerrie Sparks214.583.8433 Brian Morandi720.286.0719 SOURCE Jacobs Related Links http://www.jacobs.com

Esperion Announces Positive Top-Line Results from First Pivotal Phase 3 Study of Bempedoic Acid Study 4 Met Primary Endpoint with 28% Additional LDL-C Lowering on Background Ezetimibe and Up to the Lowest Daily Dose of a Statin hsCRP Reduction of 33% Observed to be Safe and Well-Tolerated in This Study Conference Call and Webcast on Wednesday, March 7, 2018, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time ANN ARBOR, Mich., March 07, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Esperion (NASDAQ:ESPR), the Lipid Management Company focused on developing and commercializing complementary, convenient, cost-effective, once-daily, oral therapies for the treatment of patients with elevated low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), today announced positive top-line results from the first pivotal, Phase 3 study (Study 4 or 1002-048) of bempedoic acid 180 mg evaluating the LDL-C lowering efficacy and safety and tolerability of bempedoic acid versus placebo in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) or at high risk for ASCVD with hypercholesterolemia inadequately treated with background ezetimibe 10 mg and up to the lowest daily starting dose of a statin. The 12-week study met its primary endpoint with LDL-C lowering totaling 28 percent (p<0.001). The LDL-C lowering for the bempedoic acid group was 23 percent from baseline, as compared to an LDL-C increase of five percent for the placebo group. Patients treated with bempedoic acid also achieved a significantly greater reduction of 33 percent in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), an important marker of the underlying inflammation associated with cardiovascular disease, compared to the placebo group which had an increase of two percent (p<0.001). A chart accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/af78a5e9-9800-4259-875e-955847e2913c Many of my patients, including those considered statin intolerant, remain at risk for further cardiovascular disease, including heart attack and stroke, despite the availability of current LDL-C-lowering therapies, said Christie M. Ballantyne, M.D., chairman of Esperion s Phase 3 Executive Committee and Professor and Chief of Cardiology at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston. These results suggest that bempedoic acid, with its targeted mechanism of action and convenient, oral, once-daily administration, could be an important new treatment option for a wide range of patients, including those unable to tolerate moderate or high doses of commonly-used statin therapy. In this study, bempedoic acid was observed to be safe and well-tolerated. There were no differences in the occurrence of adverse events (AEs), serious adverse events (SAEs) or muscle-related AEs; and no differences in discontinuations due to AEs or muscle-related AEs between the bempedoic acid group compared to the placebo group. Two patients (1.1 percent) treated with bempedoic acid had elevations in liver function tests (ALT/AST) of greater than three times the upper limit of normal, repeated and confirmed. The cumulative number of patients now treated with bempedoic acid in Phase 2 clinical trials and in Study 4 totals 919. Of these, six patients (0.65 percent) had elevations in liver function tests. This rate of elevations in liver function test is consistent with the rate observed in Phase 2 clinical trials and with all other previously approved oral LDL-C-lowering therapies, including statins and ezetimibe. A chart accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/ce638aff-146f-4507-a56e-c310de626f7c "Physicians are eagerly awaiting new, once-daily, oral therapies that complement existing oral drugs to provide the LDL-C lowering that their high-risk patients need, the value payers appreciate, and with the convenience and tolerability patients want and deserve," said Tim M. Mayleben, president and chief executive officer of Esperion. Looking ahead, we expect results from subsequent Phase 3 studies to further confirm that bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination pill will deliver consistent LDL-C lowering in safe, well-tolerated and convenient once-daily pills that are highly complementary to existing standard-of-care oral LDL-C lowering therapies. Esperion plans to present full results from this study at an upcoming medical conference and to publish in a major medical journal. Design of Study 4 (1002-048) The 12-week, global, pivotal, Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter study evaluated the efficacy and safety of bempedoic acid 180 mg/day versus placebo as add-on therapy in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), or at a high risk for ASCVD, who are inadequately treated with current lipid-modifying therapies, including ezetimibe and up to the lowest approved daily starting dose of a statin. The study was conducted at 90 sites in the U.S., Canada and Europe. A total of 269 patients were randomized 2:1 to receive bempedoic acid or placebo. The primary objective was to assess the 12-week LDL-C-lowering efficacy of bempedoic acid versus placebo when added to ezetimibe and up to the lowest starting dose of a statin. Secondary objectives included evaluating the safety and tolerability of bempedoic acid versus placebo, and its effects on other risk markers, including hsCRP. Conference Call and Webcast Information Esperion will host a conference call and webcast today, Wednesday, March 7, 2018, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time to discuss these Phase 3 study results. The call can be accessed by dialing (877) 312-7508 (domestic) or (253) 237-1184 (international) five minutes prior to the start of the call and providing access code 2389929. A live audio webcast can be accessed on the investors and media section of the Esperion website at investor.esperion.com. Access to the webcast replay will be available approximately two hours after completion of the call and will be archived on the Company's website for approximately 90 days. About Esperion s Global Pivotal Phase 3 LDL-C Lowering Program Esperion initiated its global, pivotal, Phase 3 clinical development program in January 2016 to evaluate the safety, tolerability and consistent, complementary LDL-C-lowering efficacy of bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination pill in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), or who are at a high risk for ASCVD, with hypercholesterolemia who continue to have elevated levels of LDL-C despite the use of maximally-tolerated statins and ezetimibe, leaving them at high risk for cardiovascular events. The program includes five studies in approximately 4,000 patients, four for bempedoic acid and one for the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination pill. Two pivotal studies evaluating bempedoic acid (Studies 1 & 2) in 3,000 patients with ASCVD on maximally-tolerated statin therapy, with top-line results expected in early May and September 2018, respectively; Two pivotal studies evaluating bempedoic acid (Studies 3 & 4) in 600 patients with ASCVD, or at a high risk for ASCVD, considered statin intolerant, with top-line results expected in May 2018 and early March 2018, respectively; One pivotal study evaluating the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination pill (053 Study) in 350 patients with ASCVD, or at high risk for ASCVD, on maximally-tolerated statin therapy, with top-line results expected in August 2018. Esperion plans to submit New Drug Applications (NDAs) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination pill for LDL-C-lowering indications by the first quarter of 2019. Additionally, Esperion plans to submit Marketing Authorization Applications (MAAs) to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) by the second quarter of 2019. About Bempedoic Acid With a targeted mechanism of action, bempedoic acid is a first-in-class, complementary, orally available, once-daily ATP Citrate Lyase (ACL) inhibitor that reduces cholesterol biosynthesis and lowers LDL-C by up-regulating the LDL receptor. Similar to statins, bempedoic acid also reduces hsCRP, a key marker of inflammation associated with cardiovascular disease. Completed Phase 1 and 2 studies conducted in approximately 1,300 patients, and more than 800 patients treated with bempedoic acid, have produced LDL-C lowering results of up to 30 percent as monotherapy, approximately 50 percent in combination with ezetimibe and an incremental 20+ percent when added to stable statin therapy. The effect of bempedoic acid on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has not yet been determined. Esperion's Commitment to Patients with Hypercholesterolemia High levels of LDL-C can lead to a build-up of fat and cholesterol in and on artery walls (known as atherosclerosis), potentially leading to cardiovascular events, including heart attack or stroke. In the U.S., 78 million people, or more than 20 percent of the population, have elevated LDL-C; an additional 73 million people in Europe and 30 million people in Japan also live with elevated LDL-C. There are approximately 13 million people in the U.S. with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) who live with elevated levels of LDL-C despite taking maximally-tolerated lipid-modifying therapy including individuals considered statin intolerant leaving them at high risk for cardiovascular events. The vast majority of these patients, 9.5 million, require less than 30 percent additional LDL-C lowering to achieve treatment goals. Esperion's mission as the Lipid Management Company is to deliver once-daily, oral therapies that complement existing oral drugs to provide the additional LDL-C lowering that these patients need. The Lipid Management Company Esperion is the Lipid Management Company passionately committed to developing and commercializing convenient, complementary, cost-effective, once-daily, oral therapies for the treatment of patients with elevated LDL-C. Through scientific and clinical excellence, and a deep understanding of cholesterol biology, the experienced lipid management team at Esperion is committed to developing new LDL-C lowering therapies that will make a substantial impact on reducing global cardiovascular disease; the leading cause of death around the world. Bempedoic acid and the company's lead product candidate, the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination pill, are targeted therapies that have been shown to significantly lower elevated LDL-C levels in patients with hypercholesterolemia, including patients inadequately treated with current lipid-modifying therapies. For more information, please visit www.esperion.com and follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/EsperionInc. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws, including statements regarding the regulatory approval pathway for the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination pill and bempedoic acid and the therapeutic potential of, clinical development plan for, the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination pill and bempedoic acid, including Esperion's timing, designs, plans and announcement of results from studies in the global pivotal Phase 3 clinical development program for bempedoic acid and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination pill, Esperion s timing and plans for submission of NDAs to the FDA and MAAs to the EMA and Esperion s expectations for the market for therapies to lower LDL-C. Any express or implied statements contained in this press release that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Esperion's actual results to differ significantly from those projected, including, without limitation, delays or failures in Esperion s studies, including the risk that Esperion may need to change the design of its Phase 3 program, that existing cash resources may be used more quickly than anticipated, that the pivotal Phase 3 program may not produce sufficient safety or tolerability results or show meaningful change in LDL-C or other key lipid measures of patients, or the risk that other unanticipated developments or data could interfere with the scope of development, approval and commercialization of the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination pill and bempedoic acid, and the other risks detailed in Esperion's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Esperion disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release, other than to the extent required by law. Media Contact: Elliot Fox W2O Group 212.257.6724 efox@w2ogroup.com Investor Contact: Audrey Gross W2O Group 212.301.7214 agross@w2ogroup.com

Huntington Ingalls Industries Awarded $22 Million U.S. Special Operations Command Cyber Contract NEWPORT NEWS, Va., April 16, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Huntington Ingalls Industries (NYSE:HII) Technical Solutions division received a contract to provide analytical support services to the U.S. Special Operations Command s (USSOCOM) Intelligence Directorate (J2). The recompeted task order is part of the SOCOM-Wide Mission Support-A (SWMS-A) contract. It is valued at $22 million during a period of performance of one year with three, one-year option periods and one, six-month extension. SOCOM awarding this task order to HII again is stark recognition of our company s performance and ability to get the job done, said Garry Schwartz, president of Technical Solutions Mission Driven Innovative Solutions. We will continue to provide high-quality analyses and assistance in carrying out all responsibilities required to support J2 intelligence missions. Huntington Ingalls Industries is America s largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. For more than a century, HII s Newport News and Ingalls shipbuilding divisions in Virginia and Mississippi have built more ships in more ship classes than any other U.S. naval shipbuilder. HII s Technical Solutions division supports national security missions around the globe with unmanned systems, defense and federal solutions, nuclear and environmental services, and fleet sustainment. Headquartered in Newport News, Virginia, HII employs more than 42,000 people operating both domestically and internationally. For more information, visit: HII on the web: www.huntingtoningalls.com HII on Facebook: www.facebook.com/HuntingtonIngallsIndustries HII on Twitter: twitter.com/hiindustries Statements in this release, as well as other statements we may make from time to time, other than statements of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these statements. Factors that may cause such differences include: changes in government and customer priorities and requirements (including government budgetary constraints, shifts in defense spending, and changes in customer short-range and long-range plans); our ability to estimate our future contract costs and perform our contracts effectively; changes in procurement processes and government regulations and our ability to comply with such requirements; our ability to deliver our products and services at an affordable life cycle cost and compete within our markets; natural and environmental disasters and political instability; our ability to execute our strategic plan, including with respect to share repurchases, dividends, capital expenditures, and strategic acquisitions; adverse economic conditions in the United States and globally; changes in key estimates and assumptions regarding our pension and retiree health care costs; security threats, including cyber security threats, and related disruptions; and other risk factors discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. There may be other risks and uncertainties that we are unable to predict at this time or that we currently do not expect to have a material adverse effect on our business, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements that we may make. Contact: Beci Brenton Beci.Brenton@hii-co.com (202) 264-7143

Convergys to be Acquired by SYNNEX Corporation for $2.8 Billion in Cash and Stock Transaction Combines Complementary Reach, Talent, Expertise and Technology to Create Premier Global Customer Engagement Services Company CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Convergys Corporation (NYSE: CVG), a global leader in customer experience outsourcing, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement under which SYNNEX Corporation (NYSE: SNX), a leading business process services company, will acquire Convergys in a cash and stock transaction with an enterprise value of approximately $2.8 billion, including approximately $170 million of Convergys outstanding net debt. Under the terms of the agreement, Convergys shareholders will receive $13.25 per share in cash and 0.1193 shares of SYNNEX common stock for each Convergys common share they own, subject to a collar as described in the agreement. The implied price of $26.50 per Convergys share represents a LTM EBITDA multiple of 8.4x (as of March 31, 2018) and an 18% premium to the Company s unaffected closing stock price on May 10, 2018, the last trading day prior to published market speculation regarding a potential transaction involving Convergys. Following the close of the transaction, it is expected that Convergys will be combined with SYNNEX s industry-leading CRM BPO subsidiary, Concentrix, thereby enhancing the capabilities and talent of both organizations and creating a premier global customer engagement services company. Andrea Ayers, president and chief executive officer of Convergys, said, We are pleased to have reached this agreement, which provides important benefits for all of our stakeholders, including our shareholders, who will receive an immediate premium in addition to value from their equity participation in the growth and synergies resulting from the combination of Convergys and SYNNEX. Convergys clients will be even better served by the combined organization s increased scale, strong talent, best-in-class analytics, technology, and digital offerings, and a shared commitment to helping them successfully navigate the increasingly complex CX ecosystem. After nearly 30 years at Convergys, I can confidently say that our people exemplify the very best in the business, and they will join a company with highly complementary capabilities and a similar culture. Indeed, we expect Convergys employees to gain expanded career opportunities as part of a larger organization with an enhanced industry-leading position. Concentrix is an ideal partner for Convergys, and we look forward to a seamless transition. Additional details regarding the combination and the strategic and financial benefits it creates are available in a separate press release issued today by SYNNEX and available on its website. The transaction has been approved by both companies boards of directors and is expected to close by the end of the 2018 calendar year, subject to the approval of shareholders of both companies, the receipt of regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Centerview Partners is acting as financial advisor to Convergys, and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz is legal counsel. SYNNEX Conference Call and Webcast SYNNEX will host a conference call and webcast today, Thursday, June 28, 2018 at 2:00 PM (PT) / 5:00 PM (ET) to discuss this announcement. A live audio broadcast of the call will be available at http://ir.synnex.com. A replay of the webcast will be available at approximately two hours after the earnings call has concluded. About Convergys Convergys delivers consistent, quality customer experiences in 58 languages and from more than 150 locations around the globe. We partner with our clients to improve customer loyalty, reduce costs, and generate revenue through an extensive portfolio of capabilities, including customer care, analytics, tech support, collections, home agent, and end-to-end selling. We are committed to delighting our clients and their customers, delivering value to our shareholders, and creating opportunities for our talented, caring employees in 33 countries around the world. Visit www.convergys.com to learn more about us. Supporting Resources Follow us on Twitter and Facebook. (Convergys and the Convergys logo are registered trademarks of Convergys Corporation). About SYNNEX Corporation SYNNEX Corporation is a Fortune 500 corporation and a leading business process services company, providing a comprehensive range of distribution, logistics and integration services for the technology industry and providing outsourced services focused on customer engagement strategy to a broad range of enterprises. SYNNEX distributes a broad range of information technology systems and products, and also provides systems design and integration solutions. Concentrix, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SYNNEX Corporation, offers a portfolio of strategic solutions and end-to-end business services around customer engagement strategy, process optimization, technology innovation, front and back-office automation and business transformation to clients in ten identified industry verticals. Founded in 1980, SYNNEX Corporation operates in numerous countries throughout North and South America, Asia Pacific and Europe. Additional information about SYNNEX may be found online at www.synnex.com. Additional Information and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed transaction between SYNNEX and Convergys, SYNNEX and Convergys will file relevant materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including a SYNNEX registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a joint proxy statement of SYNNEX and Convergys that also constitutes a prospectus of SYNNEX, and a definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to stockholders of SYNNEX and shareholders of Convergys. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF SYNNEX and CONVERGYS ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by SYNNEX or Convergys through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by SYNNEX will be available free of charge within the Investors section of SYNNEX s website at http://ir.synnex.com or by contacting SYNNEX s Investor Relations Department at 510-668-8436. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Convergys will be available free of charge on Convergys s website at http://investor.convergys.com/ or by contacting Convergys s Investor Relations Department at (513) 723-7768. No Offer or Solicitation This communication is for informational purposes only and not intended to and does not constitute an offer to subscribe for, buy or sell, the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for, buy or sell or an invitation to subscribe for, buy or sell any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to or in connection with the proposed transaction or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and otherwise in accordance with applicable law. Participants in Solicitation SYNNEX, Convergys, and their respective directors and certain of their respective executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of SYNNEX is set forth in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2017, which was filed with the SEC on January 26, 2018, and its proxy statement for its 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on February 22, 2018. Information about the directors and executive officers of Convergys is set forth in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, which was filed with the SEC on February 21, 2018, and its proxy statement for its 2018 annual meeting of shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on March 16, 2018. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitations and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction when they become available. Forward-Looking Statements DISCLOSURE NOTICE: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 related to SYNNEX Corporation ( SYNNEX ), Convergys Corporation ( Convergys ) and the proposed acquisition of Convergys by SYNNEX. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties that could significantly affect the financial or operating results of Convergys, SYNNEX or the combined company. These forward-looking statements may be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, foresee, expect, intend, plan, may, will, could and should and the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, among other things, statements about the potential benefits of the proposed acquisition, including future financial and operating results, plans, objectives, expectations and intentions; the anticipated timing of closing of the acquisition; and the methods SYNNEX will use to finance the cash portion of the transaction. In addition, all statements that address operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future including statements relating to creating value for stockholders, benefits of the proposed transactions to customers, vendors, employees, stockholders and other constituents of the combined company, integrating our companies, cost savings and the expected timetable for completing the proposed transaction are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, risks related to the satisfaction of the conditions to closing the acquisition (including the failure to obtain necessary regulatory and shareholder approvals) in the anticipated timeframe or at all; risks related to the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, including the possibility that the expected benefits from the proposed acquisition will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period; the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully; disruption from the transaction making it more difficult to maintain business, contractual and operational relationships; the unfavorable outcome of any legal proceedings that have been or may be instituted against SYNNEX, Convergys or the combined company; failure to protect proprietary or personally identifiable data against unauthorized access or unintended release; the ability to retain key personnel; negative effects of this announcement or the consummation of the proposed acquisition on the market price of the capital stock of SYNNEX and Convergys, and on SYNNEX s and Convergys s operating results; significant transaction costs, fees, expenses and charges; unknown liabilities; the risk of litigation and/or regulatory actions related to the proposed acquisition; the financing of the transaction; other business effects, including the effects of industry, market, economic, political or regulatory conditions; future exchange and interest rates; changes in tax and other laws, regulations, rates and policies; future business combinations or disposals; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties relating to SYNNEX and Convergys can be found in their respective most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov. Neither SYNNEX nor Convergys assumes any obligation to update the forward-looking statements contained in this press release as the result of new information or future events or developments.

Antares Pharma Reports Strong Second Quarter 2020 Operating and Financial Results; Reinstates Full-Year 2020 Revenue Guidance Second Quarter 2020 Revenue of $32.4 Million, a 14% Increase Compared to Second Quarter 2019 Second Quarter 2020 Net Income of $2.2 Million as Compared to Net Loss of $2.2 Million for Second Quarter 2019 Reinstates Full-Year 2020 Revenue Guidance Range of $135 to $155 Million EWING, N.J., Aug. 06, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Antares Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATRS) ( the Company ), a pharmaceutical technology company, today reported operating and financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2020 with record second quarter revenue of $32.4 million and net income of $2.2 million, or earnings per share of $0.01. The Company also reported record six-month year-to-date revenue of $65.5 million, a 27% increase versus the first six months of 2019. I am very proud of the Antares team for delivering strong quarterly results while navigating the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. We remain committed to protecting the health and safety of our employees, patients, and health care providers while effectively operating our business to meet the needs of our partners and patients during this unprecedented time. The Company s second quarter revenue of $32.4 million, which represents 14% year-over-year growth, was primarily driven by our proprietary product XYOSTED. The second quarter had the highest number of XYOSTED prescriptions to date, and we believe this is the result of the tremendous execution by our commercial team and highlights the demand for an easy to use, painless at-home testosterone injection option given limited physician and patient access at this time. Revenue from proprietary products, XYOSTED and OTREXUP, our highest margin products, grew 65% in the quarter versus the same period last year and now represent 60% of our total product revenue, said Robert F. Apple, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. We also continued to advance our product pipeline with the recently launched Teriparatide Injection ( teriparatide ) by Teva, the generic version of Eli Lilly s brand Forsteo, in Canada and certain countries in Europe. According to Teva, the initial launch of teriparatide, which utilizes our multi-dose pen technology, will expand into other European countries later this year. Additionally, we look forward to a potential U.S. approval of a generic Forteo later this year. Finally, while the pandemic continues to pose some uncertainty for the second half of the year, we are encouraged by the growth of our business and the opportunities ahead, and therefore we have reinstated our revenue guidance for the full year, Mr. Apple concluded. Second Quarter 2020 and Recent Highlights Reported second quarter total 2020 revenue of $32.4 million, an increase of 14% compared to the same period last year. Proprietary product revenue increased 65% to $14.8 million as compared to $9.0 million in the second quarter of 2019. Reported second quarter 2020 earnings per share of $0.01 as compared to a $0.01 loss per share reported in the comparable period last year. According to Symphony Health Solutions, XYOSTED total prescriptions increased 11% sequentially versus the first quarter of 2020. Since the product launched, more than one hundred thirty-two thousand prescriptions of XYOSTED have been written by almost six thousand different physicians. total prescriptions increased 11% sequentially versus the first quarter of 2020. Since the product launched, more than one hundred thirty-two thousand prescriptions of XYOSTED have been written by almost six thousand different physicians. Announced the first commercial product using Antares Pharma s multi-dose pen platform was launched by the Company s development partner Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd. Teriparatide Injection, the generic version of Eli Lilly s brand product Forsteo was launched in Austria, Croatia, Denmark, Hungary, Ireland, The Netherlands, Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland, The United Kingdom as well as Canada and Israel. Teva has indicated they expect to launch in other European countries later this year. was launched in Austria, Croatia, Denmark, Hungary, Ireland, The Netherlands, Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland, The United Kingdom as well as Canada and Israel. Teva has indicated they expect to launch in other European countries later this year. Announced an exclusive distribution agreement with Lunatus Global Medical Supplies to register, promote and distribute XYOSTED in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased to $51.6 million at June 30, 2020, compared to $45.7 million at December 31, 2019. Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Total revenue generated from product sales, development activities and royalties was $32.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2020, a 14% increase compared to $28.4 million in the same period in 2019. For the six months ended June 30, 2020, total revenue was $65.5 million, a 27% increase from $51.7 million for the comparable period in 2019. Product sales were $24.7 million for the three months ended June 30, 2020, a 20% increase compared to $20.6 million for the same period in 2019. For the six-month period ended June 30, 2020, product sales were $51.8 million, a 33% increase from $38.9 million in the comparable period in 2019. Sales of our proprietary products XYOSTED and OTREXUP generated revenue of $14.8 million and $27.4 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively, as compared to $9.0 million and $13.8 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2019, respectively. The 65% and 99% increase in proprietary product sales for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 respectively, compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2019 were principally attributable to sales of XYOSTED . Partnered device sales were $9.8 million and $11.6 million for the three months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and $24.4 million and $25.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The decrease in sales of partnered products for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 as compared to the same period in 2019 is primarily attributable to a decrease in sales of needle-free devices to Ferring, and a decrease in sales of Sumatriptan Injection USP and teriparatide devices to Teva. Antares previously announced the divestiture of the needle-free device to Ferring and shipment of pre-launch quantities of teriparatide devices to Teva during the first two quarters of 2019. Licensing and development revenue was $2.7 million and $4.4 million for the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2020, respectively, compared to $2.2 million and $3.2 million for the comparable periods in 2019, respectively. Licensing and development revenue for the three and six- month periods was primarily from the Pfizer rescue pen and the Idorsia selatogrel pen development programs. Royalty revenue was $5.0 million for the three months ended June 30, 2020 compared to $5.6 million for the same period in 2019. For the six-month period ended June 30, 2020, royalty revenue was $9.3 million, compared to $9.6 million for the same period in 2019. The decrease in royalty revenue for the three and six-month periods were primarily attributable to a decline in royalties recognized from AMAG on their net sales of the Makena subcutaneous auto injector. Operating expenses were $16.9 million for the second quarter of 2020 compared to $17.6 million in the comparable period of 2019. Total operating expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2020 were $36.3 million as compared to $34.9 million for the comparable period in 2019. The increase in operating expenses for the six-month period of 2020 as compared to the same period in 2019 was primarily attributable to increased head count as well as increased non-cash incentive compensation expense. Net income was $2.2 million, or $0.01 per share for the second quarter of 2020, compared to a net loss of $2.2 million, or $0.01 per share in the same period in 2019. Net loss was $0.2 million, or $0.00 per share for the six months ended June 30, 2020 compared to a net loss of $7.8 million, or $0.05 per share in the comparable period of 2019. At June 30, 2020, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $51.6 million compared to $45.7 million at December 31, 2019. 2020 Financial Guidance The Company today reinstated 2020 full-year revenue guidance in a range of $135 to $155 million, which represents a 9% to 25% year-over-year growth rate. Given the unprecedented and unpredictable environment created by the COVID-19 pandemic, we reserve the right to revisit revenue guidance at some future point in time. Webcast and Conference Call Information Antares executives will provide a Company update and review second quarter 2020 financial results via webcast and conference call today, August 6, 2020, at 8:30 a.m. ET (Eastern Time). The webcast of the conference call, which will include a slide presentation, can be accessed through the link located on the For Investors section of the Company s website ( www.antarespharma.com ) under Webcasts & Presentations . Alternatively, callers may participate in the audio portion of the conference call by dialing toll free 1-800-353-6461, or 1-334-323-0501. Callers should reference the Antares Pharma conference call or conference identification code 5888699. Callers can access the slide presentation on the For Investors section of the Company s website under Webcasts & Presentations . A telephone replay of the conference call will be available from 11:30 a.m. ET on Thursday, August 6, 2020 through 11:30 a.m. ET on Saturday, September 5, 2020. To access the replay, callers should dial 1-888-203-1112 or 1-719-457-0820 and enter passcode 5888699. About Antares Pharma Antares Pharma, Inc. is a pharmaceutical technology company focused primarily on the development and commercialization of self-administered injectable pharmaceutical products using advanced drug delivery auto injector technology. The Company has a portfolio of proprietary and partnered commercial products with several product candidates in various stages of development, as well as significant strategic alliances with industry leading pharmaceutical companies including Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd. (Teva), AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG), Pfizer Inc. (Pfizer) and Idorsia Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Idorsia). Antares Pharma s FDA approved products include XYOSTED (testosterone enanthate) injection, OTREXUP (methotrexate) injection for subcutaneous use and Sumatriptan Injection USP, which is distributed by Teva. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that can cause actual results to differ materially from those described. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: Teva s successful commercialization of teriparatide injection in Europe and future revenue from the same; the uncertainty regarding the duration, scope and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and the mitigation measures and other restrictions implemented in response to the same and the impact on reinstated 2020 full-year revenue guidance, demand for our products, new patients and prescriptions, future revenue, product supply, and our overall business, operating results and financial condition; market acceptance, adequate reimbursement coverage and commercial success of XYOSTED and future revenue from the same; successful development including the timing and results of the clinical bridging and Phase 3 clinical trial of the drug device combination product for Selatogrel with Idorsia Pharmaceuticals and FDA and global regulatory approvals and future revenue from the same; market acceptance of Teva s generic epinephrine auto-injector product and future revenue from the same; the ability of Lunatus to obtain regulatory approvals for XYOSTED in Saudi Arabia and UAE and successfully commercialize the product and future revenue from the same; our expectations regarding whether the FDA will pursue withdrawal of approval for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. s Makena subcutaneous auto injector following the recent FDA advisory committee meeting and future prescriptions, market acceptance and revenue from Makena subcutaneous auto injector; Teva s ability to successfully commercialize VIBEX Sumatriptan Injection USP and the amount of revenue from the same; continued growth of prescriptions and sales of OTREXUP ; the timing and results of the Company s or its partners research projects or clinical trials of product candidates in development; actions by the FDA or other regulatory agencies with respect to the Company s products or product candidates of its partners; continued growth in product, development, licensing and royalty revenue; the Company s ability to meet loan extension and interest only payment milestones and the ability to repay the debt obligation to Hercules Capital; the Company s ability to obtain financial and other resources for its research, development, clinical, and commercial activities and other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, and involve predictions. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance, achievements or prospects to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or prospects expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as ''may'', ''will'', ''should'', ''would'', ''expect'', ''intend'', ''plan'', ''anticipate'', ''believe'', ''estimate'', ''predict'', ''potential'', ''seem'', ''seek'', ''future'', ''continue'', or ''appear'' or the negative of these terms or similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Additional information concerning these and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements is contained in the "Risk Factors" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in the Company's other periodic reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company cautions investors not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to the Company on the date hereof, and the Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release, except as required by law. Contact: Jack Howarth Vice President, Corporate Affairs 609-359-3016 jhowarth@antarespharma.com ANTARES PHARMA, INC. Table 1 - CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (amounts in thousands except per share amounts) (unaudited) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended June 30, Increase June 30, Increase 2020 2019 (Decrease) 2020 2019 (Decrease) Revenue: Product sales $ 24,665 $ 20,620 20% $ 51,762 $ 38,920 33% Licensing and development revenue 2,687 2,239 20% 4,442 3,154 41% Royalties 5,032 5,574 -10% 9,259 9,645 -4% Total revenue 32,384 28,433 14% 65,463 51,719 27% Cost of Revenue 12,477 12,441 0% 27,524 23,387 18% Gross profit 19,907 15,992 24% 37,939 28,332 34% Research and development 2,417 2,494 -3% 5,398 4,881 11% Selling, general and administrative 14,448 15,087 -4% 30,870 30,022 3% Total operating expenses 16,865 17,581 -4% 36,268 34,903 4% Operating income (loss) 3,042 (1,589 ) ** 1,671 (6,571 ) ** Other expense (867 ) (637 ) 36% (1,852 ) (1,194 ) 55% Net income (loss) $ 2,175 $ (2,226 ) ** $ (181 ) $ (7,765 ) -98% Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted $ 0.01 $ (0.01 ) $ (0.00 ) $ (0.05 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 165,703 162,734 165,566 161,596 Diluted 169,228 162,734 165,566 161,596 ANTARES PHARMA, INC. Table 2 CONSOLIDATED DETAIL OF REVENUE FROM PRODUCT SALES (amounts in thousands) (unaudited) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended June 30, June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Product sales: XYOSTED $ 10,902 $ 4,623 $ 19,905 $ 5,326 OTREXUP 3,944 4,361 7,507 8,429 Partnered product sales 9,819 11,636 24,350 25,165 Total product sales $ 24,665 $ 20,620 $ 51,762 $ 38,920 ANTARES PHARMA, INC. Table 3 CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS (amounts in thousands) (unaudited)

Enbridge Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire All Public Equity of Spectra Energy Partners, Advances Corporate Structure Simplification CALGARY and HOUSTON, TX, Aug. 24, 2018 /PRNewswire/ - Enbridge Inc. (TSX: ENB) (NYSE: ENB) (Enbridge) on behalf of itself and certain of its wholly owned US subsidiaries and Spectra Energy Partners, LP (NYSE:SEP) (SEP) today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement ("Agreement") under which Enbridge will acquire all of the outstanding public common units of SEP on the basis of 1.111 common shares of Enbridge for each common unit of SEP ("Agreed Exchange Ratio"). The Agreed Exchange Ratio represents a 9.8% increase to the exchange ratio offered by Enbridge on May 17, 2018 of 1.0123 Enbridge common shares per SEP common unit. The transaction is valued at US $3.3 billion / CAN $4.3 billion based on the closing price of Enbridge's common shares on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) / Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) on August 23, 2018. Benefits and Considerations for SEP Unitholders Significant weakening of the US Master Limited Partnership (MLP) capital markets has adversely affected the growth opportunities for MLPs, including SEP. MLPs are dependent on consistent access to the capital markets at a reasonable cost of capital to grow their distributions. If SEP were to continue as a stand-alone entity in such an environment, it would be required to transition to a self-funding model using internally generated cash flow. SEP's priority would be to strengthen its balance sheet thereby limiting future distribution growth. This transaction offers SEP public unitholders a superior investment proposition in Enbridge common shares, including: Direct ownership in the largest energy infrastructure company in North America comprised of premium liquids transportation, natural gas transmission and natural gas distribution utility franchises that generate diverse, safe and reliable cash flows A secured growth profile which underpins expected 10% annual dividend growth through 2020 with substantially enhanced dividend coverage A more effective cost of capital to finance growth A stronger balance sheet and superior credit profile Reduction in risks related to continued uncertainty and potential unfavorable changes applied to MLPs related to the revised Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) tax policies Increased opportunity for further meaningful capital appreciation as Enbridge advances its strategic priorities Enhanced trading liquidity The transaction also provides SEP unitholders an attractive value reflecting, among other factors, the July 18, 2018 FERC Order on Rehearing, which clarified its revised policy on the treatment of income taxes for MLPs. The clarification could potentially improve SEP's position relative to its cost of service assets given the magnitude of SEP's historical deferred income tax balances, and is therefore uniquely positive for SEP among the Enbridge family of sponsored vehicles. The transaction premium is attractive particularly in light of SEP's limited future capacity for distribution growth. Also, for SEP unitholders, the value received removes uncertainty overhang created by the FERC policy announcements. Benefits and Considerations for Enbridge Shareholders The buy-in of SEP is strategically and economically attractive to current and future Enbridge shareholders and provides substantial benefits, including: Significant advancement of Enbridge's strategy to simplify and streamline its corporate structure which further increases the transparency of its strong cash generating assets An expected neutral impact on Enbridge's three-year financial guidance through 2020 and positive benefits to Enbridge's post-2020 outlook primarily due to tax and other financial synergies Increasing ownership in its core businesses and further enhancing its industry-leading, low-risk profile An improved Enbridge credit profile due to the elimination of SEP public distributions, higher retention of cash to support self-funded growth and opportunities to minimize the structural subordination of Enbridge debt Reduction in risks related to uncertainty and potential unfavorable changes associated with regulatory tax policies applied to MLPs and potential incremental Enbridge support required by SEP in difficult capital markets No change to consolidated EBITDA following completion of the merger since the assets held by SEP are already managed and operated by Enbridge's U.S. subsidiaries and consolidated for accounting purposes by Enbridge Other Information As a result of the merger, Enbridge would acquire all of the 81.9 million public outstanding common units of SEP at a fixed exchange ratio of 1.111 common shares of Enbridge for each common unit of SEP. In aggregate, based on the Agreed Exchange Ratio, Enbridge would issue an estimated 91.0 million Enbridge common shares in connection with the transaction, representing approximately 5 percent of the total number of Enbridge common shares outstanding. A more detailed description of the Agreement will be set forth in Enbridge's Current Report on Form 8-K that it expects to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 24, 2018. The transaction has been approved by the board of directors of Enbridge and certain of its wholly owned US subsidiaries. The board of directors of the general partner of SEP (SEP Board) delegated to a conflicts committee consisting solely of independent directors (SEP Conflicts Committee) the authority to review, evaluate and negotiate the transaction on behalf of SEP. The SEP Conflicts Committee unanimously approved the transaction and recommended approval of the transaction to the SEP Board. The transaction has been approved by the SEP Board based on that recommendation. Pursuant to the Agreement, Enbridge has irrevocably and unconditionally agreed to deliver its consent, with respect to all of the SEP common units owned by its wholly-owned subsidiaries, in favor of approval of the transaction. As the majority SEP unitholder (83% of total SEP common units outstanding), Enbridge's approval by consent will constitute the requisite SEP unitholder vote required to approve the transaction. Closing of the transaction is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2018 and will be subject to customary closing conditions. If the transaction does not close before the record date for SEP's distribution to be paid in the fourth quarter of 2018, and subject to SEP Board approval, SEP is expected to pay a cash distribution to its unitholders in the fourth quarter consistent with previously disclosed distribution guidance. Based on an expected fourth quarter closing date for the transaction, a SEP unitholder will receive either a SEP cash distribution or an Enbridge cash dividend. After being filed, SEP unitholders will be able to obtain a copy of the consent solicitation statement/prospectus related to the transaction, as well as other filings containing information about the proposed transaction, without charge, at the SEC's internet site (http://www.sec.gov). BofA Merrill Lynch and Scotiabank are acting as financial advisors to Enbridge. McCarthy Tetrault LLP, Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and Vinson & Elkins LLP are acting as Canadian, U.S. legal and tax advisors, respectively, to Enbridge. Jefferies LLC acted as financial advisor to the SEP Conflicts Committee, while Sidley Austin LLP acted as legal advisor to the SEP Conflicts Committee. FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This communication includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward looking statements are based on Enbridge's and SEP's respective beliefs and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by terms and phrases such as: anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, expect, continue, should, could, may, plan, project, predict, will, potential, forecast and similar expressions and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the expected closing, consummation, completion, timing and benefits of the proposed merger of SEP and Autumn Acquisition Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Enbridge (the "Proposed Merger"), the expected synergies and shareholder value to result from the combined company, the expected levels of cash distributions by SEP with respect to its common units, the expected levels of dividends by Enbridge to its shareholders, the expected financial results of Enbridge, SEP and their affiliates, future credit ratings, financial condition and business strategy of Enbridge, SEP and their affiliates. Although SEP and Enbridge believe these forward-looking statements are reasonable based on the information available on the date such statements are made and processes used to prepare the information, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and readers are cautioned against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements. By their nature, these statements involve a variety of assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results, levels of activity and achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Material assumptions include assumptions about the following: the expected supply of and demand for crude oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids ("NGL") and renewable energy; prices of crude oil, natural gas, NGL and renewable energy; exchange rates; inflation; interest rates; availability and price of labor and construction materials; operational reliability; customer and regulatory approvals; maintenance of support and regulatory approvals for projects; anticipated in-service dates; weather; the timing and closing of dispositions; the realization of anticipated benefits and synergies of the Proposed Merger; governmental legislation; acquisitions and the timing thereof; the success of integration plans; impact of capital project execution on future cash flows; credit ratings; capital project funding; expected earnings; expected future cash flows; and estimated future dividends. Assumptions regarding the expected supply of and demand for crude oil, natural gas, NGL and renewable energy, and the prices of these commodities, are material to and underlie all forward-looking statements, as they may impact current and future levels of demand for SEP's and Enbridge's services. Similarly, exchange rates, inflation and interest rates impact the economies and business environments and may impact levels of demand for SEP's and Enbridge's services and cost of inputs, and are therefore inherent in all forward looking statements. Due to the interdependencies and correlation of these macroeconomic factors, the impact of any one assumption on a forward-looking statement cannot be determined with certainty, particularly with respect to the impact of the Proposed Merger, expected earnings and cash flow or estimated future dividends. The most relevant assumptions associated with forward-looking statements on announced projects and projects under construction, including estimated completion dates and expected capital expenditures, include the following: the availability and price of labor and construction materials; the effects of inflation and foreign exchange rates on labor and material costs; the effects of interest rates on borrowing costs; the impact of weather and customer, government and regulatory approvals on construction and in-service schedules and cost recovery regimes. Forward looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results predicted. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward looking statement include, but are not limited to: the risk that the Proposed Merger does not occur; negative effects from the pendency of the Proposed Merger; the ability to realize expected cost savings and benefits; the timing to consummate the Proposed Merger; whether SEP will produce sufficient cash flows to provide the level of cash distributions SEP expects with respect to its common units; whether Enbridge will produce sufficient cash flows to provide the level of dividends Enbridge expects with respect to its common shares; outcomes of litigation and regulatory investigations, proceedings or inquiries; operating performance of SEP and Enbridge; regulatory parameters regarding SEP and Enbridge; other Enbridge dispositions; the proposed simplification of Enbridge's corporate structure; project approval and support; renewals of rights of way; weather, economic and competitive conditions; public opinion; changes in tax laws and tax rates; changes in trade agreements, exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices, political decisions and supply of and demand for commodities; and any other risks and uncertainties discussed herein or in Enbridge's and SEP's other filings with Canadian and United States securities regulators. Except to the extent required by applicable law, Enbridge and SEP assume no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements made in this news release or otherwise, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, attributable to Enbridge, SEP or persons acting on their behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. These factors, as well as additional factors that could affect Enbridge's or SEP's respective forward looking statements, are described under the headings "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Information" in Enbridge's 2017 Form 10 K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and Canadian securities regulators on February 16, 2018, SEP's 2017 Form 10 K, filed with the SEC on February 16, 2018, and in Enbridge's and SEP's respective other filings made with the SEC and Canadian securities regulators, which are available via the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and at www.sedar.com, as applicable. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than Enbridge or SEP has described. All forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and neither Enbridge nor SEP undertakes any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements in this release, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. IMPORTANT NOTICE TO INVESTORS This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any consent or approval. The proposed merger between Enbridge and SEP will be submitted to the unitholders of SEP for their consideration. Enbridge will file with the SEC a consent solicitation statement of SEP that also constitutes a prospectus of Enbridge. Enbridge and SEP also plan to file other documents with the SEC regarding the proposed merger. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF ENBRIDGE AND SEP ARE URGED TO READ THE CONSENT SOLICITATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE MERGER. Investors and unitholders will be able to obtain free copies of the consent solicitation statement/prospectus and other documents containing important information about Enbridge and SEP once such documents are filed with the SEC, through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the consent solicitation statement/prospectus and the filings with the SEC that will be incorporated by reference in the consent solicitation statement/prospectus can also be obtained, without charge, by directing a request either to Enbridge Inc., 200, 425 1st Street S.W., Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2P 3L8, Attention: Investor Relations or to Spectra Energy Partners, LP, 5400 Westheimer Court, Houston, Texas 77056, Attention: Investor Relations. Participants in the Solicitation Enbridge, and certain of its directors and executive officers, SEP, and certain of the directors and executive officers of GP, LLC, which manages the business and affairs of SEP, may be deemed participants in the solicitation of consent from the holders of SEP Common Units in connection with the Merger. Information about the directors and executive officers of Enbridge is set forth in its definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 5, 2018. Information about the directors and executive officers of GP, LLC is set forth in SEP's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, which was filed with the SEC on February 16, 2018. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Other information regarding the participants in the consent solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the consent solicitation statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available. About Enbridge Inc. Enbridge Inc. (the Company) is North America's premier energy infrastructure company with strategic business platforms that include an extensive network of crude oil, liquids and natural gas pipelines, regulated natural gas distribution utilities and renewable power generation. The Company safely delivers an average of 2.9 million barrels of crude oil each day through its Mainline and Express Pipeline; accounts for approximately 65% of U.S.-bound Canadian crude oil exports; and moves approximately 20% of all natural gas consumed in the U.S., serving key supply basins and demand markets. The Company's regulated utilities serve approximately 3.7 million retail customers in Ontario, Quebec, and New Brunswick. Enbridge also has interests in more than 2,500 MW of net renewable generating capacity in North America and Europe. The Company has ranked on the Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations index for the past nine years; its common shares trade on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges under the symbol ENB. Life takes energy and Enbridge exists to fuel people's quality of life. For more information, visit www.enbridge.com. About Spectra Energy Partners Spectra Energy Partners, LP is one of the largest pipeline master limited partnerships in the United States and connects growing supply areas to high-demand markets for natural gas and crude oil. These assets include approximately 16,000 miles of transmission pipelines, approximately 170 billion cubic feet of natural gas storage, and approximately 5.6 million barrels of crude oil storage. Spectra Energy Partners, LP is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SEP; information about the company is available on its website at www.spectraenergypartners.com. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT: Media:Michael Barnes Toll Free: (888) 992-0997 Email: [email protected] Investment Community:Enbridge Inc. Jonathan Gould Toll Free: (800) 481-2804 Email: [email protected] Spectra Energy Partners, LP Roni CappadonnaToll Free: (800) 481-2804Email: [email protected] SOURCE Enbridge Inc. Related Links www.spectraenergypartners.com

Agios Reports Business Highlights and Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Second Quarter TIBSOVO Net Revenue of $27.6 Million; Company Reiterates 2020 TIBSOVO Net U.S. Revenue Guidance of $105 115 Million Significant Clinical Progress for First-in-Class PKR Activator Mitapivat: Established Proof-of-Concept in Sickle Cell Disease; Presented Phase 2 Data in - and -Thalassemia; Pivotal Programs to be Initiated in 2021 $255 Million Sale of IDHIFA Royalty Extends Cash Runway, Inclusive of Thalassemia and Sickle Cell Disease Pivotal Development, through the End of 2022 CAMBRIDGE, Mass., July 30, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: AGIO), a leader in the field of cellular metabolism to treat cancer and rare genetic diseases, today reported business highlights and financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2020. The second quarter was a productive and important time at Agios, as we accomplished several key 2020 objectives across our three focus areas of malignant hematology, solid tumors and rare genetic diseases. In particular, we made significant progress on our mitapivat clinical programs, including achieving proof-of-concept in sickle cell disease and planning for our pivotal development programs in both thalassemia and sickle cell disease, said Jackie Fouse, Ph.D., chief executive officer at Agios. For the remainder of 2020, we are focused on the completion of our pivotal trials ACTIVATE and ACTIVATE-T for mitapivat in pyruvate kinase deficiency and securing regulatory feedback on the pivotal programs in both thalassemia and sickle cell disease to enable their initiation next year, the submission of a supplemental new drug application for TIBSOVO in cholangiocarcinoma in the first quarter of 2021, driving enrollment in our ongoing clinical trials and continued strong commercial execution. SECOND QUARTER 2020 HIGHLIGHTS Rare Genetic Diseases Established clinical proof-of-concept for mitapivat in sickle cell disease based on a preliminary analysis of data on eight patients from the Phase 1 study being conducted in collaboration with the National Institutes of Health (NIH). Seven of eight (88%) evaluable patients experienced a hemoglobin increase, with five of eight patients (63%) achieving a hemoglobin increase of 1.0 g/dL from baseline. Additionally, the data showed improvements in associated markers of sickling as well as a safety profile consistent with previously reported mitapivat data or expected in the context of sickle cell disease. for mitapivat in sickle cell disease based on a preliminary analysis of data on eight patients from the Phase 1 study being conducted in collaboration with the National Institutes of Health (NIH). Seven of eight (88%) evaluable patients experienced a hemoglobin increase, with five of eight patients (63%) achieving a hemoglobin increase of 1.0 g/dL from baseline. Additionally, the data showed improvements in associated markers of sickling as well as a safety profile consistent with previously reported mitapivat data or expected in the context of sickle cell disease. Presented data on 13 patients from the Phase 2 study of mitapivat in non-transfusion-dependent - and -thalassemia at the European Hematology Association (EHA) Annual Congress in June. Treatment with mitapivat induced a hemoglobin increase of 1.0 g/dL in 12 of 13 (92%) evaluable patients, including four of four (100%) -thalassemia patients. Additionally, the data showed improvements in associated markers of hemolysis and erythropoiesis as well as a safety profile consistent with previously reported mitapivat data. on 13 patients from the Phase 2 study of mitapivat in non-transfusion-dependent - and -thalassemia at the European Hematology Association (EHA) Annual Congress in June. Treatment with mitapivat induced a hemoglobin increase of 1.0 g/dL in 12 of 13 (92%) evaluable patients, including four of four (100%) -thalassemia patients. Additionally, the data showed improvements in associated markers of hemolysis and erythropoiesis as well as a safety profile consistent with previously reported mitapivat data. Received Orphan Drug Designation from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for mitapivat in thalassemia. Hematologic Malignancies and Solid Tumors TIBSOVO net sales of $27.6 million, an increase of 22% from the first quarter of 2020; expanded total number of unique prescribers by 15% from the first quarter of 2020. net sales of $27.6 million, an increase of 22% from the first quarter of 2020; expanded total number of unique prescribers by 15% from the first quarter of 2020. Published data from the Phase 3 ClarIDHy study of TIBSOVO in The Lancet Oncology. As a result of this publication, the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines were updated to recommend treatment with TIBSOVO for patients with advanced IDH1-mutant cholangiocarcinoma. in The Lancet Oncology. As a result of this publication, the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines were updated to recommend treatment with TIBSOVO for patients with advanced IDH1-mutant cholangiocarcinoma. Presented updated data from the Phase 1 dose-escalation study of vorasidenib in IDH-mutant non-enhancing glioma at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in May. In the study, vorasidenib demonstrated prolonged disease control and encouraging preliminary activity, as well as a favorable safety profile consistent with previously reported data. Corporate Completed a $255 million purchase agreement with Royalty Pharma for IDHIFA (enasidenib) royalty rights and outstanding regulatory milestone payments. KEY UPCOMING MILESTONES Rare Genetic Diseases Report data from ACTIVATE and ACTIVATE-T, the company s two global pivotal trials for mitapivat in adults with pyruvate kinase (PK) deficiency, between the end of 2020 and mid-2021. Finalize robust pivotal development plan for mitapivat in thalassemia, including both -and -thalassemia, as well as transfusion dependent and non-transfusion dependent patient populations, by the end of 2020. Initiate first-in-human study in healthy volunteers for AG-946, a next-generation PKR activator, in Q3 2020. Hematologic Malignancies and Solid Tumors Deliver full-year 2020 U.S. revenue for TIBSOVO of $105-115 million. of $105-115 million. Receive European Medicines Agency CHMP opinion for TIBSOVO in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) with an IDH1 mutation by the end of 2020. in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) with an IDH1 mutation by the end of 2020. Report mature overall survival data from ClarIDHy Phase 3 study in Q3 2020; if data are supportive, file supplemental new drug application (sNDA) for TIBSOVO in previously treated IDH1-mutant cholangiocarcinoma in Q1 2021. Research Achieve at least one new development candidate by year-end 2020. SECOND QUARTER 2020 FINANCIAL RESULTS Revenue: Total revenue for the second quarter of 2020 was $37.3 million, which includes $27.6 million of net product revenue from sales of TIBSOVO , $6.4 million in collaboration revenue and $3.3 million in royalty revenue from net global sales of IDHIFA under our collaboration agreement with Celgene, now a wholly owned subsidiary of Bristol Myers Squibb. This compares to revenue of $26.2 million for the second quarter of 2019. TIBSOVO net product revenue increased 101% from the same period last year. Cost of Sales: Cost of sales were $0.7 million for the second quarter of 2020 compared to $0.3 million for the second quarter of 2019. Research and Development (R&D) Expenses: R&D expenses were $90.9 million for the second quarter of 2020 compared to $107.4 million for the second quarter of 2019. The decrease in R&D expense was primarily attributable to milestone payments related to AG-636 and an undisclosed early-stage research program in the second quarter of 2019, winding down the ClarIDHy Phase 3 study of TIBSOVO and HOVON startup expenses incurred in the second quarter of 2019, and lower spend across ongoing TIBSOVO clinical studies as a result of slowed enrollment and reduced activities due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Selling, General and Administrative (SG&A) Expenses: SG&A expenses were $36.0 million for the second quarter of 2020 compared to $32.4 million for the second quarter of 2019. The increase in SG&A expense was primarily attributable to the initial gated infrastructure build of the company s European operations offset by reduced travel and industry engagement given restrictions in place to combat the COVID-19 pandemic. Net Loss: Net loss was $90.5 million for the second quarter of 2020 compared to $109.9 million for the second quarter of 2019. Cash Position and Guidance: Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of June 30, 2020 were $794 million, including the amount received under the Royalty Pharma agreement, compared to $624 million as of June 30, 2019. The company expects that its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of June 30, 2020, together with anticipated product revenue, anticipated interest income and anticipated expense reimbursements under our collaboration and license agreements, but excluding any additional program-specific milestone payments, will enable the company to fund its anticipated operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements, including its pivotal development programs for mitapivat in thalassemia and sickle cell disease, through the end of 2022. CONFERENCE CALL INFORMATION Agios will host a conference call and live webcast with slides today at 8:00 a.m. ET to discuss its second quarter 2020 financial results and recent business activities. To participate in the conference call, please dial 1-877-377-7098 (domestic) or 1-631-291-4547 (international) and refer to conference ID 2955575. The live webcast can be accessed under Events & Presentations in the Investors section of the company's website at www.agios.com . The archived webcast will be available on the company's website beginning approximately two hours after the event. About the Agios/Celgene Collaboration In 2010, Agios and Celgene Corporation, now a wholly owned subsidiary of Bristol Myers Squibb, entered into a collaboration agreement focused on cancer metabolism. Under the terms of the agreement, Celgene has worldwide development and commercialization rights for IDHIFA (enasidenib). Celgene and Agios are currently co-commercializing IDHIFA in the U.S., and Agios continues to conduct certain clinical development activities within the IDHIFA development program. Agios is eligible to receive a $25 million payment upon achievement of a specified ex-U.S. commercial milestone event, as well as reimbursement for costs incurred for its co-commercialization efforts and development activities. About Agios Agios is focused on discovering and developing novel investigational medicines to treat malignant hematology, solid tumors and rare genetic diseases through scientific leadership in the field of cellular metabolism. In addition to an active research and discovery pipeline across these three therapeutic areas, Agios has two approved oncology precision medicines and multiple first-in-class investigational therapies in clinical and/or preclinical development. For more information, please visit the company's website at www.agios.com . Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include those regarding Agios plans, strategies and expectations for its and its collaborator s preclinical, clinical and commercial advancement of its drug development programs including TIBSOVO (ivosidenib tablets), IDHIFA (enasidenib), mitapivat, vorasidenib, AG-270, and AG-946; the potential benefits of Agios product candidates; its key milestones and guidance for 2020; its plans regarding future data presentations; its financial guidance regarding the period in which it will have capital available to fund its operations; and the potential benefits of its strategic plans and focus. The words anticipate, expect, goal, hope, milestone, plan, potential, possible, strategy, will, vision, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Such statements are subject to numerous important factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from Agios current expectations and beliefs. For example, there can be no guarantee that any product candidate Agios or its collaborators is developing will successfully commence or complete necessary preclinical and clinical development phases, or that development of any of Agios product candidates will successfully continue. There can be no guarantee that any positive developments in Agios business will result in stock price appreciation. Management's expectations and, therefore, any forward-looking statements in this press release could also be affected by risks and uncertainties relating to a number of other important factors, including, without limitation: risks and uncertainties related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic to Agios business, operations, strategy, goals and anticipated milestones, including its ongoing and planned research activities, ability to conduct ongoing and planned clinical trials, clinical supply of current or future drug candidates, commercial supply of current or future approved products, and launching, marketing and selling current or future approved products; Agios results of clinical trials and preclinical studies, including subsequent analysis of existing data and new data received from ongoing and future studies; the content and timing of decisions made by the U.S. FDA, the EMA or other regulatory authorities, investigational review boards at clinical trial sites and publication review bodies; Agios ability to obtain and maintain requisite regulatory approvals and to enroll patients in its planned clinical trials; unplanned cash requirements and expenditures; competitive factors; Agios' ability to obtain, maintain and enforce patent and other intellectual property protection for any product candidates it is developing; Agios ability to maintain key collaborations; and general economic and market conditions. These and other risks are described in greater detail under the caption "Risk Factors" included in Agios public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date hereof, and Agios expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Consolidated Balance Sheet Data (in thousands) (Unaudited) June 30, 2020 December 31, 2019 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities $ 794,413 $ 717,806 Accounts receivable, net 12,023 8,952 Collaboration receivable related party 2,537 1,539 Royalty receivable related party 1,650 2,900 Inventory 11,231 7,331 Total assets 976,141 890,741 Deferred revenue related party 61,513 Stockholders' equity 558,465 640,528 Consolidated Statements of Operations Data (in thousands, except share and per share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Product revenue, net $ 27,581 $ 13,727 $ 50,255 $ 22,865 Collaboration revenue related party 5,735 8,979 65,832 26,898 Collaboration revenue other 692 812 1,685 1,782 Royalty revenue related party 3,339 2,703 6,673 4,903 Total revenue 37,347 26,221 124,445 56,448 Cost and expenses: Cost of sales 675 303 1,208 637 Research and development 90,917 107,389 182,173 202,974 Selling, general and administrative 35,951 32,390 74,452 64,181 Total cost and expenses 127,543 140,082 257,833 267,792 Loss from operations (90,196 ) (113,861 ) (133,388 ) (211,344 ) Interest income, net 1,769 3,990 4,705 8,395 Non-cash interest expense for the sale of future revenue (2,051 ) (2,051 ) Net loss $ (90,478 ) $ (109,871 ) $ (130,734 ) $ (202,949 ) Net loss per share basic and diluted $ (1.31 ) $ (1.87 ) $ (1.90 ) $ (3.46 ) Weighted-average number of common shares used in computing net loss per share basic and diluted 68,958,091 58,722,244 68,784,109 58,589,167 Contacts Investors: Holly Manning, 617-844-6630 Director, Investor Relations Holly.Manning@agios.com Media: Jessica Rennekamp, 857-209-3286 Associate Director, Corporate Communications Jessica.Rennekamp@agios.com

FDA Approves BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA) for Pediatric Patients with Upper Limb Spasticity BOTOX is the First Neurotoxin Treatment Approved to Treat Pediatric Patients, 2 to 17 Years of Age, with Upper Limb Spasticity Approval Marks 10th BOTOX Therapeutic Indication in its 30th Anniversary Year DUBLIN, June 21, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the company's supplemental biologics application (sBLA) for BOTOX for the treatment of pediatric patients (2 to 17 years of age) with upper limb spasticity. BOTOX was granted a six-month Priority Review by the FDA, which is typically granted to therapies that if approved, could offer significant improvements in safety and effectiveness when compared to current standard of care. The FDA is also reviewing an additional sBLA for the use of BOTOX to treat pediatric patients with lower limb spasticity, with a decision expected in the fourth quarter of this year. Damage to the brain and spine can result in spasticity, which is often observed as muscle tightness and stiffness in the upper and lower limbs. Upper limb spasticity can interfere with movement at the joints of the upper limb and its severity can range from mild to severe muscle stiffness. Common causes of spasticity in children include cerebral palsy, traumatic brain injury, multiple sclerosis, spinal cord injury, and stroke, which is a group of disorders affecting one's ability to move and maintain balance and posture. "Watching a child suffering with any degree of upper limb spasticity is very difficult," said David Nicholson, Chief Research and Development Officer, Allergan. "This FDA approval is special to all of us at Allergan because we can now provide children and their caregivers an advancement in pediatric care with BOTOX . This milestone underscores our constant focus on innovation and builds on our 30-years of research and development efforts with BOTOX since FDA approval of blepharospasm and strabismus in 1989. We also look forward to the FDA's decision on pediatric lower limb spasticity and continuing to serve our patients globally." The FDA approval is based on data from two Phase 3 studies evaluating the safety and efficacy of BOTOX in over 200 pediatric patients with upper limb spasticity. These trials included a 12-week, double-blind study and a one-year open-label extension study. The approved recommended dose per treatment session is 3 Units per kilogram to 6 Units per kilogram divided among affected muscles of the upper limb. The total dose in pediatric patients should not exceed 8 Units per kilogram body weight or 300 Units, whichever is lower, in a 3-month interval. Treatment with BOTOX is not meant to replace existing physical therapy or other rehabilitation that may have been prescribed. "Pediatric upper limb spasticity is a significant concern and can negatively impact a child's development and quality of life," said Mark Gormley, Jr. M.D., Pediatric Rehabilitation Medicine Specialist, Gillette Children's Specialty Healthcare-St. Paul. "Because spasticity is particularly debilitating to growing children, it requires ongoing care. BOTOX has a well-established safety and efficacy profile and I believe it will be an important treatment option in helping successfully manage upper limb spasticity in children and adolescents." Allergan is committed to providing resources and services, such as the BOTOX Savings Program, to help ensure BOTOX is accessible and affordable to patients. Over the past 30 years, more than 100 million vials of BOTOX and BOTOX Cosmetic (onabotulinumtoxinA) have been distributed worldwide. With more than 3,700 articles on BOTOX and BOTOX Cosmetic published in scientific and medical journals, BOTOX neurotoxin is one of the most widely researched medicines in the world. BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA) Important Information Indications BOTOX is a prescription medicine that is injected into muscles and used: to treat increased muscle stiffness in children 2 to 17 years of age with upper limb spasticity to treat certain types of eye muscle problems (strabismus) or abnormal spasm of the eyelids (blepharospasm) in people 12 years and older Treatment with BOTOX in children 2 to 17 years of age with upper limb spasticity is not meant to replace existing physical therapy or other rehabilitation that may have been prescribed. It is not known whether BOTOX is safe or effective for other types of muscle spasms. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION BOTOX may cause serious side effects that can be life threatening. Get medical help right away if you have any of these problems any time (hours to weeks) after injection of BOTOX : Problems swallowing, speaking, or breathing, due to weakening of associated muscles, can be severe and result in loss of life. You are at the highest risk if these problems are pre-existing before injection. Swallowing problems may last for several months. Spread of toxin effects. The effect of botulinum toxin may affect areas away from the injection site and cause serious symptoms including: loss of strength and all-over muscle weakness, double vision, blurred vision and drooping eyelids, hoarseness or change or loss of voice, trouble saying words clearly, loss of bladder control, trouble breathing, and trouble swallowing. There has not been a confirmed serious case of spread of toxin effect away from the injection site when BOTOX has been used at the recommended dose to treat blepharospasm or strabismus. BOTOX may cause loss of strength or general muscle weakness, vision problems, or dizziness within hours to weeks of taking BOTOX . If this happens, do not drive a car, operate machinery, or do other dangerous activities. Do not receive BOTOX if you: are allergic to any of the ingredients in BOTOX (see Medication Guide for ingredients); had an allergic reaction to any other botulinum toxin product such as Myobloc (rimabotulinumtoxinB), Dysport (abobotulinumtoxinA), or Xeomin (incobotulinumtoxinA); have a skin infection at the planned injection site. The dose of BOTOX is not the same as, or comparable to, another botulinum toxin product. Serious and/or immediate allergic reactions have been reported including itching, rash, red itchy welts, wheezing, asthma symptoms, or dizziness or feeling faint. Get medical help right away if you experience symptoms; further injection of BOTOX should be discontinued. Tell your doctor about all your muscle or nerve conditions such as ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease, myasthenia gravis, or Lambert-Eaton syndrome, as you may be at increased risk of serious side effects including difficulty swallowing and difficulty breathing from typical doses of BOTOX . Cornea problems have been reported. Cornea (surface of the eye) problems have been reported in some people receiving BOTOX for their blepharospasm, especially in people with certain nerve disorders. BOTOX may cause the eyelids to blink less, which could lead to the surface of the eye being exposed to air more than is usual. Tell your doctor if you experience any problems with your eyes while receiving BOTOX . Your doctor may treat your eyes with drops, ointments, contact lenses, or with an eye patch. Bleeding behind the eye has been reported. Bleeding behind the eyeball has been reported in some people receiving BOTOX for their strabismus. Tell your doctor if you notice any new visual problems while receiving BOTOX . Bronchitis and upper respiratory tract infections (common colds) have been reported. In pediatric patients treated with BOTOX for upper limb spasticity, upper respiratory tract infections were reported more frequently. Tell your doctor about all your medical conditions, including if you: have or have had bleeding problems; have plans to have surgery; had surgery on your face; weakness of forehead muscles; trouble raising your eyebrows; drooping eyelids; any other abnormal facial change; are pregnant or plan to become pregnant (it is not known if BOTOX can harm your unborn baby); are breastfeeding or plan to (it is not known if BOTOX passes into breast milk). Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Using BOTOX with certain other medicines may cause serious side effects. Do not start any new medicines until you have told your doctor that you have received BOTOX in the past. Tell your doctor if you received any other botulinum toxin product in the last 4 months; have received injections of botulinum toxin such as Myobloc , Dysport , or Xeomin in the past (tell your doctor exactly which product you received); have recently received an antibiotic by injection; take muscle relaxants; take an allergy or cold medicine; take a sleep medicine; take aspirin-like products or blood thinners. Other side effects of BOTOX include: dry mouth, discomfort or pain at the injection site, tiredness, headache, neck pain, eye problems: double vision, blurred vision, decreased eyesight, drooping eyelids, swelling of your eyelids, dry eyes, drooping eyebrows; and upper respiratory tract infection. For more information refer to the Medication Guide or talk with your doctor. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Please see BOTOX full Product Information including Boxed Warning and Medication Guide. Please see BOTOX Cosmetic full Product Information including Boxed Warning and Medication Guide. About Allergan plc Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is a global pharmaceutical leader focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceutical, device, biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products for patients around the world. Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products primarily focused on four key therapeutic areas including medical aesthetics, eye care, central nervous system and gastroenterology. As part of its approach to delivering innovation for better patient care, Allergan has built one of the broadest pharmaceutical and device research and development pipelines in the industry. With colleagues and commercial operations located in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives every day. For more information, visit Allergan's website at www.Allergan.com. Forward-Looking Statement Statements contained in this press release that refer to future events or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Allergan's current perspective on existing trends and information as of the date of this release. Actual results may differ materially from Allergan's current expectations depending upon a number of factors affecting Allergan's business. These factors include, among others, the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of FDA approvals or actions, if any; the impact of competitive products and pricing; market acceptance of and continued demand for Allergan's products; the impact of uncertainty around timing of generic entry related to key products, including RESTASIS , on our financial results; risks associated with divestitures, acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures; risks related to impairments; uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected cost reductions, projected debt reduction, projected synergies, restructurings, increased costs, and adverse tax consequences; difficulties or delays in manufacturing; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Allergan's periodic public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to Allergan's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and Allergan's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2019. Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. CONTACTS: Allergan:Investors:Manisha Narasimhan, PhD(862) 261-7162 Christine Chiou(862) 261-7396 Media:Amy Rose(862) 289-3072 Lisa Kim(714) 246-3843 SOURCE Allergan plc Related Links www.allergan.com

Xunlei Filed Annual Report on Form 20-F for the Fiscal Year 2019 SHENZHEN, China, April 29, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Xunlei Limited ( Xunlei or the Company ) (Nasdaq: XNET), a leading innovator in shared cloud computing and blockchain technology in China, today announced that it has filed its annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The annual report can be accessed on the Company s investor relations website at http://ir.xunlei.com or the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. About Xunlei Founded in 2003, Xunlei Limited (NASDAQ: XNET) is a leading innovator in shared cloud computing and blockchain technology. Xunlei provides a wide range of products and services across cloud acceleration, blockchain, shared cloud computing and digital entertainment to deliver an efficient, smart and safe internet experience. Contact: Investor Relations Xunlei Limited Email: ir@xunlei.com Tel: +86 755 8633 8443 Website: http://ir.xunlei.com

Halozyme Announces Roche Receives FDA Approval For Phesgo (Fixed-Dose Combination Of Perjeta And Herceptin For Subcutaneous Injection) Utilizing Halozyme's ENHANZE Technology For The Treatment Of Patients With HER2-Positive Breast Cancer Phesgo Can be Administered in 5 to 8 Minutes Compared with Hours for the Standard Sequential IV Administration of Perjeta and Herceptin First Subcutaneous Fixed dose Combination of Two Monoclonal Antibodies Approved Utilizing Halozyme's ENHANZE Technology Data Showed That 85% of Patients Preferred Phesgo Compared to Standard Intravenous Administration SAN DIEGO, June 29, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: HALO) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Roche's Phesgo (pertuzumab, trastuzumab, and hyaluronidase-zzxf) injection, a fixed-dose combination (FDC) of Perjeta and Herceptin with Halozyme's ENHANZE technology, administered subcutaneously in combination with intravenous (IV) chemotherapy, for the treatment of eligible patients with early and metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer. This is the first time a product has been approved combining two monoclonal antibodies that can be administered by a single subcutaneous injection utilizing Halozyme's ENHANZE technology. "We are excited that HER2-positive breast cancer patients in the U.S. will now have the option to receive this important therapy in a meaningfully shorter period of time," said Dr. Helen Torley, president and chief executive officer. "This subcutaneous delivery was shown to be preferred to IV administration by 85% of patients in the PHranceSCa study due to less time in the clinic and more comfortable treatment administration. Phesgo is the second product to receive FDA approval this year, and the first demonstrating the ability to combine two monoclonal antibodies, utilizing our ENHANZE technology." Phesgo is available in single-dose vials and can be administered in approximately eight minutes for the initial loading dose and approximately five minutes for each subsequent maintenance dose.(1) This is compared to approximately 150 minutes for a sequential infusion of a loading dose of Perjeta and Herceptin using the standard IV formulations, and between 60-150 minutes for subsequent maintenance infusions of the two medicines.(2,3) Phesgo can be administered by a healthcare professional in a treatment center or at a patient's home. The approval is based on results from the pivotal phase III FeDeriCa study, which met its primary endpoint, with Phesgo showing non-inferior levels of Perjeta in the blood during a given dosing interval (Ctrough), when compared to IV administration of Perjeta . The safety profile of Phesgo with chemotherapy was comparable to IV administration of Perjeta plus Herceptin and chemotherapy, and no new safety signals were identified, including no meaningful difference in cardiac toxicity. The most common adverse events in both arms were alopecia, nausea, diarrhea and anemia.(1,4) The phase II PHranceSCa study showed that 85% (136/160) of people receiving treatment for HER2-positive breast cancer preferred treatment under the skin to IV administration due to less time in the clinic and more comfortable treatment administration.(1) About ENHANZE Technology Halozyme's proprietary ENHANZE drug-delivery technology is based on its patented recombinant human hyaluronidase enzyme (rHuPH20). rHuPH20 has been shown to remove traditional limitations on the volume of biologics that can be delivered subcutaneously (just under the skin). By using rHuPH20, some biologics and compounds that are administered intravenously may instead be delivered subcutaneously. ENHANZE may also benefit subcutaneous biologics by reducing the need for multiple injections. This delivery has been shown in studies to reduce health care practitioner time required for administration and shorten time for drug administration. About HalozymeHalozyme is a biopharmaceutical company bringing disruptive solutions to significantly improve patient experiences and outcomes for emerging and established therapies. Halozyme advises and supports its biopharmaceutical partners in key aspects of new drug development with the goal of improving patients' lives while helping its partners achieve global commercial success. As the innovators of the ENHANZE technology, which can reduce hours-long treatments to a matter of minutes, Halozyme's commercially-validated solution has positively impacted more than 400,000 patient lives via four commercialized products across more than 100 global markets. Halozyme and its world-class partners are currently advancing multiple therapeutic programs intended to deliver innovative therapies, with the potential to improve the lives of patients around the globe. Halozyme's proprietary enzyme rHuPH20 forms the basis of the ENHANZE technology and is used to facilitate the delivery of injected drugs and fluids, potentially reducing the treatment burden of other drugs to patients. Halozyme has licensed its ENHANZE technology to leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies including Roche, Baxalta, Pfizer, Janssen, AbbVie, Lilly, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Alexion and argenx. Halozyme derives revenues from these collaborations in the form of milestones and royalties as the Company's partners make progress developing and commercializing their products being developed with ENHANZE . Halozyme is headquartered in San Diego. For more information visit www.halozyme.com. Halozyme Safe Harbor Statement In addition to historical information, the statements set forth above include forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements concerning the possible activity, benefits and attributes of ENHANZE , the possible method of action of ENHANZE , its potential application to aid in the dispersion and absorption of other injected therapeutic drugs, and statements concerning certain other potential benefits of ENHANZE including facilitating more rapid delivery of injectable medications through subcutaneous delivery and potentially lowering the treatment burden for patients. These forward-looking statements also include statements regarding the product development efforts of Halozyme's ENHANZE partner. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are typically, but not always, identified through use of the words "believe," "enable," "may," "will," "could," "intends," "estimate," "anticipate," "plan," "predict," "probable," "potential," "possible," "should," "continue," and other words of similar meaning. Actual results could differ materially from the expectations contained in forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including uncertainties concerning whether collaborative products are ultimately developed or commercialized, unexpected expenditures and costs, unexpected results or delays in development and regulatory review including any potential delays caused by the current COVID-19 global pandemic, unexpected regulatory approval requirements, unexpected adverse events or patient outcomes from being treated with the newly-approved ENHANZE co-formulated product referred to in this press release, and competitive conditions. These and other factors that may result in differences are discussed in greater detail in Halozyme's most recent Annual and Quarterly Reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, Halozyme undertakes no duty to update forward-looking statements to reflect events after the date of this release. References:(1) US Food and Drug Administration. Prescribing information for Phesgo. (2) US Food and Drug Administration. Prescribing Information for Herceptin. [Internet; cited June 2020]. Available from: https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2010/103792s5250lbl.pdf. (3) US Food and Drug Administration. Prescribing Information for Perjeta [Internet; cited June 2020]. Available from: https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2017/125409s113s118lbl.pdf(4) Tan A, et al. Subcutaneous administration of the fixed-dose combination of trastuzumab and pertuzumab in combination with chemotherapy in HER2-positive early breast cancer: primary analysis of the phase III, multicenter, randomized, open-label, two-arm FeDeriCa study. Presented at SABCS, 2019 Dec 10-14; San Antonio, Texas. Abstract #PD4-07. Contact:Al KildaniVice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications858-704-8122[email protected] SOURCE Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. Related Links http://www.halozyme.com

Kratos C5ISR Business Receives $50 Million Single Award Product and Hardware Contract in Support of National Security Program SAN DIEGO, Dec. 30, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq: KTOS), a leading National Security Solutions provider, announced today that its Command, Control, Communications, Computing, Combat, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (C5ISR) Modular Systems Division has recently received an approximate $50 million, single award, indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) product and hardware related contract award in support of a national security related program. Initial tasking and funding under this new contract award has already been received by Kratos. Kratos C5ISR Modular Systems Division is a leading provider of products, hardware, systems and subsystems in support of unmanned aerial vehicle, high powered directed energy, missile, missile defense, radar, surface combatant and other combat and weapon systems and programs. Work under this recent contract award will be performed in secure Kratos production facilities. Due to customer related, competitive and other considerations, no additional information will be provided related to this recent contract award. Tom Mills, President of Kratos C5ISR Modular Systems Division, said, The recapitalization of strategic weapon systems to address peer and near peer threats of the United States and its allies is providing a number of large, new program opportunities to our business, including in the Missile System, Missile Defense, Radar, Space, Unmanned and Combat System areas, and we are proud to address mission critical national security priority areas. About Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTOS) develops and fields transformative, affordable technology, platforms and systems for United States National Security related customers, allies and commercial enterprises. Kratos is changing the way breakthrough technology for these industries are rapidly brought to market through proven commercial and venture capital backed approaches, including proactive research and streamlined development processes. Kratos specializes in unmanned systems, satellite communications, cyber security/warfare, microwave electronics, missile defense, hypersonic systems, training, combat systems and next generation turbo jet and turbo fan engine development. For more information go to www.KratosDefense.com . Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of Kratos and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Kratos undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although Kratos believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements involve many risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from what may be expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. For a further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the business of Kratos in general, see the risk disclosures in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kratos for the year ended December 30, 2018, and in subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and other filings made with the SEC by Kratos.

Corteva Declares Quarterly Dividend WILMINGTON, Del., July 15, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Corteva, Inc. (NYSE: CTVA) today announced its Board of Directors has authorized a common stock dividend of 13 cents per share, payable September 15, 2020, to the Company's shareholders of record on August 14, 2020. This marks the fifth consecutive cash dividend to be paid by Corteva since becoming an independent public company on June 1, 2019. E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company Announces Preferred Stock Dividend The Board of Directors of E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (EID) declared regular preferred stock dividends of $1.12-1/2 per share on the $4.50 series preferred stock and $0.87-1/2 per share on the $3.50 series preferred stock both payable October 23, 2020 to EID stockholders of record on October 9, 2020. EID is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Corteva, Inc. About Corteva AgriscienceCorteva, Inc. (NYSE: CTVA) is a publicly traded, global pure-play agriculture company that provides farmers around the world with the most complete portfolio in the industry including a balanced and diverse mix of seed, crop protection and digital solutions focused on maximizing productivity to enhance yield and profitability. With some of the most recognized brands in agriculture and an industry-leading product and technology pipeline well positioned to drive growth, the Company is committed to working with stakeholders throughout the food system as it fulfills its promise to enrich the lives of those who produce and those who consume, ensuring progress for generations to come. Corteva became an independent public company on June 1, 2019, and was previously the Agriculture Division of DowDuPont. More information can be found at www.corteva.com. Follow Corteva on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube. Corteva Agriscience Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which may be identified by their use of words like "plans," "expects," "will," "anticipates," "believes," "intends," "projects," "targets," "estimates" or other words of similar meaning. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future, including statements about Corteva's strategy for growth, product development, regulatory approval, market position, anticipated benefits of recent acquisitions, timing of anticipated benefits from restructuring actions, outcome of contingencies, such as litigation and environmental matters, expenditures, and financial results, as well as expected benefits from, the separation of Corteva from DowDuPont, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events which may not be accurate or realized. Forward-looking statements also involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Corteva's control. Consequences of material differences in results as compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking statements could include, among other things, business disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Corteva's business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, there may be other risks and uncertainties that Corteva is unable to currently identify or that Corteva does not currently expect to have a material impact on its business. Where, in any forward-looking statement, an expectation or belief as to future results or events is expressed, such expectation or belief is based on the current plans and expectations of Corteva's management and expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. Corteva disclaims and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, except as required by applicable law. A detailed discussion of some of the significant risks and uncertainties which may cause results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in Corteva's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Period Ended December 31, 2019 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. TM SM Trademarks and service marks of Dow AgroSciences, DuPont or Pioneer, and their affiliated companies or their respective owners. SOURCE Corteva, Inc.

Cardtronics Announces Additional $50 Million Share Repurchase Authorization HOUSTON, Nov. 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cardtronics plc (or the Company ) today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase an additional $50 million of its Class A ordinary shares outstanding through December 31, 2020. With this additional $50 million authorization, the Board has cumulatively approved up to $100 million in share repurchases since March 2019, of which $50 million has been completed. Share repurchases under the authorization may be effected on behalf of the Company through open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, including pursuant to SEC trading rules. There is no guarantee as to the exact number of additional shares, if any, that may be repurchased by the Company under this authorization. The timing and extent of repurchases will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, valuation of shares, regulatory requirements and other corporate considerations, and repurchases may be suspended or discontinued at any time. We are pleased to announce this additional share repurchase authorization, having recently completed the previous $50 million share repurchase authorization that we announced in March of this year, which resulted in the repurchase of almost 4% of our outstanding shares. This additional share repurchase authorization reflects our continued confidence in the business and our ability to generate strong free cash flows. As we continue to execute on our growth strategy and reduce debt, this authorization will provide flexibility to opportunistically return capital to shareholders as part of our disciplined approach to capital allocation, commented Edward H. West, chief executive officer. About Cardtronics (Nasdaq: CATM) Cardtronics is the trusted leader in financial self-service, enabling cash transactions at over 295,000 ATMs across 10 countries in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Africa. Leveraging our unmatched scale, expertise and innovation, top-tier merchants and businesses of all sizes use our ATM solutions to drive growth, in-store traffic, and retail transactions. Financial services providers rely on Cardtronics to deliver superior service at their own ATMs, on Cardtronics ATMs where they place their brand, and through Cardtronics' Allpoint Network, the world s largest surcharge-free ATM network. As champions of cash, Cardtronics converts digital currency into physical cash, driving payments choice for businesses and consumers alike. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions thereof. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and beliefs in light of currently available information, including concerning future developments and their potential effect on the Company, and there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will occur as anticipated. The Company s ability to repurchase shares will be affected by its ability to generate free cash flow at the levels anticipated and its ability to generate expected operating results. The Company s forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond its control) and are based on assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from its historical results and present expectations or projections. Risk factors are described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, and those set forth from time-to-time in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements contained in this press release, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Except as required by applicable law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact Information: Media Relations Paul Wilmore Chief Marketing Officer 832-308-4224 pwilmore@cardtronics.com Investor Relations Brad Conrad EVP Treasurer 832-308-4975 ir@cardtronics.com Cardtronics is a registered trademark of Cardtronics plc and its subsidiaries All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

Diana Shipping Inc. Announces Time Charter Contract for m/v Seattle With Pacbulk ATHENS, Greece, May 04, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Diana Shipping Inc. (NYSE: DSX), (the Company ), a global shipping company specializing in the ownership of dry bulk vessels, today announced that, through a separate wholly-owned subsidiary, it has entered into a time charter contract with Pacbulk Shipping Pte. Ltd., Singapore, for one of its Capesize dry bulk vessels, the m/v Seattle. The gross charter rate is US$12,300 per day, minus a 5% commission paid to third parties, for a period until minimum October 1, 2021 up to maximum December 31, 2021. The charter commenced on April 27, 2020. The Seattle is a 179,362 dwt Capesize dry bulk vessel built in 2011. This employment is anticipated to generate approximately US$6.32 million of gross revenue for the minimum scheduled period of the time charter. Diana Shipping Inc. s fleet currently consists of 41 dry bulk vessels (4 Newcastlemax, 13 Capesize, 5 Post-Panamax, 5 Kamsarmax and 14 Panamax). As of today, the combined carrying capacity of the Company s fleet is approximately 5.1 million dwt with a weighted average age of 9.63 years. A table describing the current Diana Shipping Inc. fleet can be found on the Company s website, www.dianashippinginc.com. Information contained on the Company s website does not constitute a part of this press release. About the Company Diana Shipping Inc. is a global provider of shipping transportation services through its ownership of dry bulk vessels. The Company s vessels are employed primarily on medium to long-term time charters and transport a range of dry bulk cargoes, including such commodities as iron ore, coal, grain and other materials along worldwide shipping routes. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words believe, anticipate, intends, estimate, forecast, project, plan, potential, may, should, expect, pending and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, Company management s examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company s records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies that are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company s control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections. In addition to these important factors, other important factors that, in the Company s view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the strength of world economies and currencies, general market conditions, including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values, changes in demand for dry bulk shipping capacity, changes in the Company s operating expenses, including bunker prices, drydocking and insurance costs, the market for the Company s vessels, availability of financing and refinancing, changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities, potential liability from pending or future litigation, general domestic and international political conditions, potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events, vessel breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see the Company s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Corporate Contact: Ioannis Zafirakis Director, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, Treasurer and Secretary Telephone: + 30-210-9470-100 Email: Website: www.dianashippinginc.com Investor and Media Relations: Edward Nebb Comm-Counsellors, LLC Telephone: + 1-203-972-8350 Email:

Kratos Awarded Sole-Source Contracts for 21 High-Performance Jet Drones, Spares, and Support Totaling Over $19,000,000 SAN DIEGO, April 15, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTOS), a leading National Security Solutions provider, announced today that the Kratos Unmanned Systems Division has recently received sole-source contract awards totaling more than $19 million for the purchase of 21 high-performance jet target drones and spares. As a part of one of the contracts, Kratos will also provide development engineering to enable key specific mission capability for that customer. Steve Fendley, President of Kratos Unmanned Systems Division, said, To prepare for a forecasted growth in demand, Kratos Unmanned has invested in and expanded our production facilities over the past 12-18 months, allowing us to begin immediately fulfilling new orders even in these uncertain times. We are proud to continue supporting our Defense customers as critical infrastructure within the Defense Industrial Base. Upholding the nation s security by helping our customers meet their critical needs while also protecting the safety and health of our employees is our top priority and will continue to be as we meet the increasing demand for our high-performance UAS. Kratos Unmanned Systems Division is a leading provider of high performance unmanned aerial drone and target systems for threat representative target missions to exercise weapon, radar, and other systems; and tactical aerial drone systems for strike/ISR and force multiplication missions. Due to competitive, customer-related, and other considerations, no additional information will be provided related to these new contract awards. About Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTOS) develops and fields transformative, affordable technology, platforms and systems for United States National Security related customers, allies and commercial enterprises. Kratos is changing the way breakthrough technology for these industries are rapidly brought to market through proven commercial and venture capital backed approaches, including proactive research and streamlined development processes. Kratos specializes in unmanned systems, satellite communications, cyber security/warfare, microwave electronics, missile defense, hypersonic systems, training and combat systems, and next-generation turbojet and turbo-fan engine development. For more information, go to www.KratosDefense.com. Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of Kratos and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Kratos undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although Kratos believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements involve many risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from what may be expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. For a further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the business of Kratos in general, see the risk disclosures in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kratos for the year ended December 29, 2019, and in subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and other filings made with the SEC by Kratos. Press Contact: Yolanda White 858-812-7302 Direct Investor Information: 877-934-4687 investor@kratosdefense.com

Lilly's Emgality (galcanezumab-gnlm) Receives U.S. FDA Approval for the Preventive Treatment of Migraine in Adults INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 27, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE: LLY) announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Emgality (galcanezumab-gnlm) 120 mg injection for the preventive treatment of migraine in adults.1 Emgality offers a once-monthly, self-administered, subcutaneous injection.1 Emgality is contraindicated in patients with serious hypersensitivity to galcanezumab-gnlm or to any of the excipients.1 Emgality will be available to patients shortly after approval. Patients with commercial insurance are candidates to receive Emgality for up to 12 months free as part of Lilly's patient support program (governmental beneficiaries excluded; subject to terms and conditions*). Emgality will be available for pickup at retail pharmacies. Migraine is a disabling, neurologic disease that affects more than 30 million American adults.2,3,4,5,6 According to the Medical Expenditures Panel Survey, the total unadjusted cost associated with migraine in the U.S. is estimated to be as high as $56 billion annually, yet migraine remains under-recognized and under-treated.4,7,8 "Despite the devastating impact of migraine, only about 10 percent of people living with the disease are currently taking a preventive treatment," said Christi Shaw, president, Lilly Bio-Medicines. "For more than two decades, Lilly has recognized this unmet need, and we have worked tirelessly to develop a new option specifically designed for the prevention of migraine. With this approval, we are thrilled to offer a preventive treatment option to adults living with this disease." The efficacy and safety of Emgality was demonstrated in two Phase 3 clinical trials in patients with episodic migraine (EVOLVE-1 and EVOLVE-2) and one Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with chronic migraine (REGAIN). EVOLVE-1 and EVOLVE-2 were six-month, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies that enrolled adult patients with episodic migraine (defined as 4-14 migraine headache days [MHDs] per month). REGAIN was a three-month, double-blind, placebo-controlled study that enrolled adult patients with chronic migraine (defined as at least 15 headache days per month with at least 8 MHDs per month). In all three studies, patients were randomized to receive once-monthly placebo, Emgality 120 mg after an initial loading dose of 240 mg, or Emgality 240 mg. The primary endpoint was the mean change from baseline in the number of monthly MHDs over the double-blind treatment period in the intent-to-treat study population. EVOLVE-1 (Over Months 1 to 6 - baseline migraine headache days: Emgality 9.2, placebo 9.1)1,9 Mean change from baseline (days): -4.7 days (N=210) for Emgality 120 mg compared to -2.8 days (N=425) for placebo (p<0.001) At least a 50 percent reduction in MHDs in any given month on average (% responders): 62% (N=210) for Emgality 120 mg compared to 39% (N=425) for placebo (p<0.001) At least a 75 percent reduction in MHDs in any given month on average (% responders): 39% (N=210) for Emgality 120 mg compared to 19% (N=425) for placebo (p<0.001) 100 percent reduction in MHDs in any given month on average (% responders): 16% (N=210) for Emgality 120 mg compared to 6% (N=425) for placebo (p<0.001) EVOLVE-2 (Over Months 1 to 6 - baseline migraine headache days: Emgality 9.1, placebo 9.2)1,9 Mean change from baseline (days): -4.3 days (N=226) for Emgality 120 mg compared to -2.3 days (N=450) for placebo (p<0.001) At least a 50 percent reduction in MHDs in any given month on average (% responders): 59% (N=226) for Emgality 120 mg compared to 36% (N=450) for placebo (p<0.001) At least a 75 percent reduction in MHDs in any given month on average (% responders): 34% (N=226) for Emgality 120 mg compared to 18% (N=450) for placebo (p<0.001) 100 percent reduction in MHDs in any given month on average (% responders): 12% (N=226) for Emgality 120 mg compared to 6% (N=450) for placebo (p<0.001) REGAIN (Over Months 1 to 3 - baseline migraine headache days: Emgality 19.4, placebo 19.6)1,9 Mean change from baseline (days): -4.8 days (N=273) for Emgality 120 mg compared to -2.7 days (N=538) for placebo (p<0.001) At least a 50 percent reduction in MHDs in any given month on average (% responders): 28% (N=273) for Emgality 120 mg compared to 15% (N=538) for placebo (p<0.001) Emgality 120 mg was not significantly better than placebo for the proportion of patients with 75% and 100% reduction from baseline in the number of monthly MHDs over the three-month treatment period. The recommended dose for Emgality is 240 mg (two consecutive subcutaneous injections of 120 mg each) once as a loading dose, followed by monthly doses of 120 mg injected subcutaneously.1 The safety of Emgality was evaluated in three clinical trials that included more than 2,500 patients.1,9 Hypersensitivity reactions (e.g., rash, urticaria and dyspnea) have been reported with Emgality in clinical studies, can occur days after administration and may be prolonged. The most common adverse reactions (incidence 2% for Emgality and at least 2% greater than placebo) associated with Emgality treatment (120 mg vs. placebo) were injection site reactions (18% vs. 13%). See additional Important Safety Information below. The U.S. list price of Emgality is $575 once-monthly, or $6,900 annually. "We know the impact high deductible and rising out-of-pocket costs have on families, and Lilly takes seriously our role in ensuring affordable access to Emgality for as many patients as possible," said Shaw. "Lilly's choice to provide Emgality for up to 12 months free to all eligible patients with commercial insurance* underscores our 25-year commitment to recognizing and addressing the need experienced by those with migraine." Patients and healthcare professionals with questions about Emgality should contact The Lilly Answers Center at 1-800-LillyRx (1-800-545-5979) or 1-833-EMGALITY or visit www.lilly.com. Patients can also text INFO to 54559 to receive an injection how-to video and other helpful resources delivered straight to their phone. "I have lived with migraine for more than 30 years, and I have experienced firsthand the impact it has on your life, including the ability to perform daily activities," said Jill Dehlin, chair, Patient Leadership Council, National Headache Foundation. "Those of us living with migraine have spent years hoping for new treatment options, and I am thankful for the efforts by researchers, investigators and clinical trial patients who have helped make this possible." On September 21, 2018, the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) issued a positive opinion for Emgality for the prophylaxis of migraine in adults who have at least four migraine days per month. The CHMP positive opinion is now referred for final action to the European Commission, which grants approval in the European Union. Indications and UsageEmgality is a calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) antagonist indicated for the preventive treatment of migraine in adults. Important Safety Information ContraindicationsEmgality is contraindicated in patients with serious hypersensitivity to galcanezumab-gnlm or to any of the excipients. Warnings and PrecautionsHypersensitivity ReactionsHypersensitivity reactions (e.g., rash, urticaria and dyspnea) have been reported with Emgality in clinical studies. If a serious or severe hypersensitivity reaction occurs, discontinue administration of Emgality and initiate appropriate therapy. Hypersensitivity reactions can occur days after administration and may be prolonged. Adverse Reactions The most common adverse reactions (incidence 2% and at least 2% greater than placebo) in Emgality clinical studies were injection site reactions. Please see Full Prescribing Information, including Patient Information, for Emgality. See Instructions for Use included with the pen and prefilled syringe. GZ HCP ISI 27SEP2018 *Terms and Conditions: Offer good for up to 12 months until 12/31/2020 if healthcare provider submits the prior authorization form or letter of medical necessity, if required, to the patient's insurance provider. $0 monthly offer for commercially insured with insurance provider coverage, subject to wholesale acquisition cost plus usual and customary pharmacy charges and a separate $4900 maximum annual cap. $0 monthly offer for commercially insured without insurance provider coverage, subject to monthly and annual cap of wholesale acquisition cost plus usual and customary pharmacy charges. *By using the Emgality Savings Card ("Card"), you attest that you meet the eligibility criteria and will comply with the Terms and Conditions described below: Offer void where prohibited by law. This offer is invalid for patients without commercial insurance coverage or those whose prescription claims are eligible to be reimbursed, in whole or in part, by any governmental program, including, without limitation, Medicaid, Medicare, Medicare Part D, Medigap, DOD, VA, TRICARE/CHAMPUS, or any state patient or pharmaceutical assistance program. If you live in Massachusetts, the Card expires on the earlier of: (i) the expiration date of this Card (12/31/2020); (ii) the date an AB-rated generic equivalent for Emgality becomes available; or (iii) June 30, 2019, absent a change in Massachusetts state law. If you live in California, the Card expires on the earlier of: (i) the expiration date of this Card (12/31/2020) or (ii) the date an FDA-approved therapeutically equivalent for Emgality or over-the-counter product with the same active ingredients becomes available. Available only in the US and Puerto Rico for residents of the US and Puerto Rico. By accepting this offer, you agree that if you are required to do so under the terms of your insurance coverage for this prescription or are otherwise required to do so by law, you should notify your insurance carrier of your redemption of this Card. This offer is not valid with any other program, discount, incentive, or similar offer involving Emgality. It is prohibited for any person to sell, purchase, or trade; or to offer to sell, purchase, or trade; or to counterfeit this Card. This offer may be terminated, rescinded, revoked, or amended by Lilly USA, LLC, at any time without notice. This Card is not health insurance. This Card expires on 12/31/2020. About the EVOLVE-1 and EVOLVE-2 Studies1 EVOLVE-1 and EVOLVE-2 were six-month, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies that enrolled a total of 1773 adult patients with episodic migraine (defined as 4-14 migraine headache days per month). Participants were randomized to once-monthly placebo, Emgality 120 mg after an initial loading dose of 240 mg, or Emgality 240 mg. The studies excluded patients on any other migraine preventive treatment, patients with medication overuse headache, patients with electrocardiogram abnormalities compatible with an acute cardiovascular event and patients with a history of stroke, myocardial infarction, unstable angina, percutaneous coronary intervention, coronary artery bypass grafting, deep vein thrombosis, or pulmonary embolism within 6 months of screening. For each study, the primary endpoint was the mean change from baseline in the number of monthly MHDs over Months 1 to 6 in the intent-to-treat study population. Emgality is approved as a 120 mg injection. Emgality 240 mg is not an approved dose. About the REGAIN Study1 REGAIN was a 3-month, double-blind, placebo-controlled study that enrolled 1113 adult patients with chronic migraine (defined as 15 headache days per month with 8 migraine days per month). Participants were randomized to receive once-monthly placebo, Emgality 120 mg after an initial loading dose of 240 mg, or Emgality 240 mg. A subset of patients (15%) continued one concomitant migraine preventive medication. Patients were excluded if they had electrocardiogram abnormalities compatible with an acute cardiovascular event and patients with a history of stroke, myocardial infarction, unstable angina, percutaneous coronary intervention, coronary artery bypass grafting, deep vein thrombosis, or pulmonary embolism within 6 months of screening. The primary endpoint was the mean change from baseline in the number of monthly MHDs over the 3-month treatment period. Emgality is approved as a 120 mg injection. Emgality 240 mg is not an approved dose. About MigraineMigraine is a disabling, neurologic disease characterized by recurrent episodes of severe headache accompanied by other symptoms including nausea, vomiting, sensitivity to light and sound, and changes in vision.2,3 More than 30 million American adults have migraine, with three times more women affected by migraine compared to men.4,5,6,10 According to the Medical Expenditures Panel Survey, the total unadjusted cost associated with migraine in the U.S. is estimated to be as high as $56 billion annually, yet migraine remains under-recognized and under-treated.4,7,8 About Emgality Emgality is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) and blocks its binding to the receptor. Emgality offers a once-monthly, self-administered, subcutaneous injection. About Eli Lilly and CompanyLilly is a global healthcare leader that unites caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We were founded more than a century ago by a man committed to creating high-quality medicines that meet real needs, and today we remain true to that mission in all our work. Across the globe, Lilly employees work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. To learn more about Lilly, please visit us at www.lilly.com and www.lilly.com/newsroom/social-channels. P-LLYThis press release contains forward-looking statements (as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) about Emgality (galcanezumab-gnlm) as a preventive treatment for patients with migraine and reflects Lilly's current belief. However, as with any pharmaceutical product, there are substantial risks and uncertainties in the process of development and commercialization. Among other things, there can be no guarantee that Emgality will receive additional regulatory approvals or be commercially successful. For further discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, see Lilly's most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, Lilly undertakes no duty to update forward-looking statements to reflect events after the date of this release. 1 Emgality Prescribing Information, 2018. 2 Katsarava Z, Buse D, Manack A, et al. Defining the differences between episodic migraine and chronic migraine. Current Pain Headache Reports. 2012;16:86. 3 Blumenfeld AM, Varon SF, Wilcox TK, et al. Disability, HRQOL, and resource use amongst chronic and episodic migraineurs. Results from the International Burden of Migraine Study (IBMS). Cephalalgia. 2011;31:301.4 Lipton RB, Bigal ME, Diamond M, et al. Migraine prevalence, disease burden, and the need for preventive therapy. Neurology. 2007;68:343-349.5 Data on File. Lilly USA, LLC. DOF-GZ-US-0028.6 US Census Bureau. Quick Facts. https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/US/PST045217 . Updated September 23, 2018. Last accessed September 24, 2018.7 Raval AD, Shah A. National trends in direct health care expenditures among US adults with migraine: 2004 to 2013. Journal of Pain. 2017;18:96-107.8 Diamond, S, Bigal ME, Silberstein S. Patterns of diagnosis and acute and preventive treatment for migraine in the United States: results from the American Migraine Prevalence and Prevention Study. Headache. 2007;47:355-363.9 Data on File. Lilly USA, LLC. DOF-GZ-US-0002.10 Migraine: Symptoms and causes. Mayo Clinic. https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseasesconditions/migraine-headache/symptoms-causes/syc-20360201. Updated May 31, 2018. Last accessed September 23, 2018. PP-GZ-US-0190 09/2018 Lilly USA, LLC 2018. All rights reserved. Emgality is a trademark owned or licensed by Eli Lilly and Company, its subsidiaries, or affiliates. Refer to: Jen Dial; [email protected]; 317-220-1172 (Lilly Bio-Medicines) Kevin Hern; [email protected]; 317-277-1838 (Investor Relations) SOURCE Eli Lilly and Company

Laureate Education Announces $150 Million Stock Repurchase Program BALTIMORE, Aug. 08, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Laureate Education, Inc. (NASDAQ: LAUR) (the Company ) announced today that its board of directors has approved a new stock repurchase program to acquire up to $150 million of the Company s Class A common stock. The Company expects to complete the repurchase program by no later than the first half of next year, dependent on market conditions. "We are pleased to announce our new share repurchase program as it underscores the confidence we have in our business model and the long-term outlook for Laureate," said Eilif Serck-Hanssen, President and Chief Executive Officer. "We remain committed to delivering value to our shareholders while maintaining a strong financial position to support the future growth of our business." The Company's proposed repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, in block trades and/or through other legally permissible means, depending on market conditions and in accordance with applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Repurchases may be effected pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The Company's board of directors will review the share repurchase program periodically and may authorize adjustment of its terms and size or suspend or discontinue the program. The Company intends to finance the repurchases with free cash flow and excess cash and liquidity on-hand. Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes statements that express the Company s opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or projections regarding future events or future results and therefore are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws, which involve risks and uncertainties. You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as seek, intend, expect or similar expressions that concern the Company s strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements are based on the Company s current expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company s expectations are set forth under the caption Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. About Laureate Education, Inc. Laureate Education, Inc. is the largest international network of degree-granting higher education institutions, with more than 850,000 students enrolled at over 25 institutions with more than 150 campuses, which we collectively refer to as the Laureate International Universities network. Laureate offers high-quality undergraduate, graduate and specialized degree programs in a wide range of academic disciplines that provide attractive employment prospects. Laureate believes that when our students succeed, countries prosper and societies benefit. This belief is expressed through the company s philosophy of being Here for Good and is represented by its status as a certified B Corporation and conversion in 2015 to a Delaware public benefit corporation, a new class of corporation committed to creating a positive impact on society. Investor Relations Contact: ir@laureate.net Media Contacts: Laureate Education, Inc. Adam Smith adam.smith@laureate.net U.S.: +1 (443) 255 0724 Source: Laureate Education, Inc.

TrustCo Bank Corp NY Suspends Stock Repurchase Plan GLENVILLE, N.Y., April 16, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TrustCo Bank Corp NY (TrustCo, Nasdaq: TRST) today announced that the Company has chosen to suspend the stock repurchase program where TrustCo may repurchase up to 1,000,000 shares of its common stock, or approximately 1% of its current outstanding shares. The repurchase program may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason, including market conditions, the cost of repurchasing shares, the availability of alternative investment opportunities, liquidity, and other factors deemed appropriate. These factors may also affect the timing and amount of share repurchases. The repurchase program does not obligate TrustCo to purchase any particular number of shares. The Company repurchased 489,000 shares of common stock during the first quarter of 2020 for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $3.5 million under its repurchase program. About TrustCo Bank Corp NY TrustCo Bank Corp NY is a $5.2 billion savings and loan holding company and through its subsidiary, Trustco Bank, operates 148 offices in New York, New Jersey, Vermont, Massachusetts, and Florida. The common shares of TrustCo are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol TRST. Safe Harbor Statement All statements in this news release that are not historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "goal," "seek," "believe," "project," "estimate," "expect," "strategy," "future," "likely," "may," "should," "will" and similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding our expectations for the repurchase of our common stock, including the aggregate amount of such repurchases. Such forward-looking statements are subject to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed, including the risk that the stock repurchase program may not be completed as planned on a timely basis or at all and other risks and uncertainties under the heading Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or other securities filings. TrustCo wishes to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Subsidiary: Trustco Bank Contact: Robert Leonard Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer (518) 381-3693

OraSure Technologies Receives BARDA Contract for Rapid Oral Fluid Pan-SARS-Coronavirus In-home Self-test BETHLEHEM, Pa., April 06, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OraSure Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: OSUR), a leader in point-of-care diagnostic tests, specimen collection devices and microbiome laboratory and analytical services, today announced it has been awarded a $710,310 contract from the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), part of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), to develop a pan-SARS-coronavirus antigen rapid in-home self-test that uses oral fluid samples. This support from BARDA will enable OraSure to file for FDA Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) allowing for an in-home self-test to debut into the U.S. market. Built on OraSure s OraQuick platform, the rapid test would allow for in-home self-testing by lay users as well as by medical professionals. OraSure s portable rapid test platform uses an oral fluid sample and provides results in 20 minutes. No instrumentation or trained personnel would be needed to administer the test or to read the results. OraSure has a well-documented history of success with in-home infectious disease testing; the Company s oral fluid self-test for HIV has been used to diagnose millions of people around the world and connect them to life-saving care. Once developed and the necessary approvals are obtained, an in-home self-test for SARS-coronavirus would help alleviate the pressure on over-burdened healthcare systems. Healthcare providers, retailers, and online vendors could ship tests directly to an individual s home, eliminating unnecessary trips to hospitals, doctors offices, and testing facilities. This would help maintain social distancing and curb the spread of coronavirus through symptomatic and asymptomatic transmission. Rapid in-home testing could also ease the burden on lab-based testing. Most current coronavirus tests require a nasopharyngeal or oropharyngeal sample, which can be painful to collect and difficult to attain through self-sampling. An effective test based on an oral sample that can be used in home would enable an easier and pain-free sample collection, as well as much wider access to testing. A rapid antigen test would also aid in screening initiatives to identify individuals with acute COVID-19 infection with or without symptoms, allowing immediate follow-up access to the patient for further testing and/or quarantine and treatment if necessary. OraSure envisions a rapid development cycle of approximately 4-6 months prior to seeking Emergency Use Authorization (EUA). Lives and global economies are at stake. It s crucial that we understand just how many people are infected with SARS-coronavirus, said OraSure President and Chief Executive Officer Stephen S. Tang, Ph.D. In-home self-testing will dramatically increase the capacity for SARS-coronavirus testing and give our healthcare systems and labs some much-needed breathing room. We believe that the development of an easy-to-use device that delivers accurate results to individuals in their homes can play a significant role in impacting infection rates. We are proud to bring our expertise with quality, rapid, oral fluid self-tests to the battle against the COVID-19 pandemic. We need to put tests into people s hands to know their infection status and protect their loved ones. At BARDA, we are continually looking for transformative technologies to combat public health threats, and rapid at-home coronavirus testing would be a game-changer, said BARDA Director Rick Bright, Ph.D. We know that people can spread COVID-19 without showing any symptoms, and with rapid at-home testing people could take immediate action to prevent the spread of the virus. The pan-SARS-coronavirus antigen rapid in-home self-test project has been funded in whole or in part with Federal funds from the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, under Contract No. 75A50120C00061. About OraSure Technologies OraSure Technologies empowers the global community to improve health and wellness by providing access to accurate, essential information. Together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries (DNA Genotek, CoreBiome, Diversigen and Novosanis), OraSure provides its customers with end-to-end solutions that encompass tools, services and diagnostics. The OraSure family of companies is a leader in the development, manufacture, and distribution of rapid diagnostic tests, sample collection and stabilization devices, and molecular services solutions designed to discover and detect critical medical conditions. OraSure s portfolio of products is sold globally to clinical laboratories, hospitals, physician s offices, clinics, public health and community-based organizations, research institutions, government agencies, pharma, commercial entities and direct to consumers. For more information on OraSure Technologies, please visit www.orasure.com. Important Information This press release contains certain forward-looking statements, including with respect to expected revenues and earnings/loss per share. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results. Known and unknown factors that could cause actual performance or results to be materially different from those expressed or implied in these statements include, but are not limited to: ability to successfully manage and integrate acquisitions of other companies in a manner that complements or leverages our existing business, or otherwise expands or enhances our portfolio of products and our end-to-end service offerings, and the diversion of management s attention from our ongoing business and regular business responsibilities to effect such integration; the expected economic benefits of acquisitions (and increased returns for our stockholders), including that the anticipated synergies, revenue enhancement strategies and other benefits from the acquisitions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected and our actual integration costs may exceed our estimates; impact of increased or different risks arising from the acquisition of companies located in foreign countries; ability to market and sell products, whether through our internal, direct sales force or third parties; impact of significant customer concentration in the genomics business; failure of distributors or other customers to meet purchase forecasts, historic purchase levels or minimum purchase requirements for our products; ability to manufacture products in accordance with applicable specifications, performance standards and quality requirements; ability to obtain, and timing and cost of obtaining, necessary regulatory approvals for new products or new indications or applications for existing products; ability to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; ability to effectively resolve warning letters, audit observations and other findings or comments from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) or other regulators; changes in relationships, including disputes or disagreements, with strategic partners or other parties and reliance on strategic partners for the performance of critical activities under collaborative arrangements; ability to meet increased demand for the Company s products; impact of replacing distributors; inventory levels at distributors and other customers; ability of the Company to achieve its financial and strategic objectives and continue to increase its revenues, including the ability to expand international sales; ability to identify, complete, integrate and realize the full benefits of future acquisitions; impact of competitors, competing products and technology changes; reduction or deferral of public funding available to customers; competition from new or better technology or lower cost products; ability to develop, commercialize and market new products; market acceptance of oral fluid or urine testing, collection or other products; market acceptance and uptake of microbiome informatics, microbial genetics technology and related analytics services; changes in market acceptance of products based on product performance or other factors, including changes in testing guidelines, algorithms or other recommendations by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) or other agencies; ability to fund research and development and other products and operations; ability to obtain and maintain new or existing product distribution channels; reliance on sole supply sources for critical products and components; availability of related products produced by third parties or products required for use of our products; impact of contracting with the U.S. government; impact of negative economic conditions; ability to maintain sustained profitability; ability to utilize net operating loss carry forwards or other deferred tax assets; volatility of the Company s stock price; uncertainty relating to patent protection and potential patent infringement claims; uncertainty and costs of litigation relating to patents and other intellectual property; availability of licenses to patents or other technology; ability to enter into international manufacturing agreements; obstacles to international marketing and manufacturing of products; ability to sell products internationally, including the impact of changes in international funding sources and testing algorithms; adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates; loss or impairment of sources of capital; ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; exposure to product liability and other types of litigation; changes in international, federal or state laws and regulations; customer consolidations and inventory practices; equipment failures and ability to obtain needed raw materials and components; the impact of terrorist attacks and civil unrest; and general political, business and economic conditions. These and other factors that could affect our results are discussed more fully in our Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings, including our registration statements, Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the SEC. Although forward-looking statements help to provide information about future prospects, readers should keep in mind that forward-looking statements may not be reliable. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release and we undertake no duty to update these statements.

RGC Resources, Inc. Announces Three-for-Two Stock Split Nasdaq:RGCO ROANOKE, Va., Jan. 17, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- RGC Resources, Inc. (NASDAQ:RGCO) today announced that its Board of Directors has approved a three-for-two stock split of the Company s outstanding common stock. The stock split will be effected in the form of a stock dividend entitling each shareholder as of the record date to receive one additional share of common stock for every two shares of common stock owned. The stock dividend will be issued on March 1, 2017 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on February 15, 2017. The stock split highlights the exceptional value RGC Resources has delivered to shareholders over the long-term as well as the short-term. Our team continues to execute our strategies of investing in our regulated utility and other growth opportunities, which have led to profitable earnings growth, superior dividend growth and increased shareholder value. We are excited about our prospects for continued growth, said John S. D Orazio, President and Chief Executive Officer of RGC Resources, Inc. The decision to split the stock will also make the shares more affordable to current and potential investors and should lead to an increase in the trading volume of our stock. RGC Resources last stock split was in 2011 when a two-for-one stock split occurred. RGC Resources, Inc. provides energy and related products and services to customers in Virginia through its operating subsidiaries Roanoke Gas Company and RGC Midstream, LLC. From time to time, the Company may publish forward-looking statements relating to such matters as anticipated financial performance, business prospects, technological developments, new products, research and development activities and similar matters. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. In order to comply with the terms of the safe harbor, the Company notes that a variety of factors could cause the Company s actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the Company s forward-looking statements. Past performance is not necessarily a predictor of future results. Contact: John S. D Orazio President and CEO Telephone: 540-777-3815

Spirit Airlines Announces Proposed Senior Secured Notes Offering by Newly Formed Brand and Loyalty Subsidiaries MIRAMAR, Fla., Aug. 31, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spirit Airlines, Inc. (NYSE: SAVE)( Spirit ) today announced that Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. (the Brand IP Issuer ) and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd. (the Loyalty IP Issuer and, together with the Brand IP Issuer, the Issuers ), each a newly formed Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated with limited liability and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Spirit, intend to commence a private offering to eligible purchasers of $600 million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2025 (the Notes ), subject to market and other conditions. The Notes will be guaranteed by Spirit and certain subsidiaries of Spirit. The Notes will be secured by, among other things, a first priority lien on the core assets of Spirit s loyalty programs (comprised of cash proceeds from its Free Spirit co-branded credit card programs, its $9 Fare Club program membership fees, and intellectual property utilized in connection with the loyalty programs) as well as Spirit s brand intellectual property. The Issuers intend to lend the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes to Spirit, after depositing a portion of such proceeds in a reserve account. The final terms and amounts of the Notes are subject to market and other conditions and may be materially different than expectations. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the Notes or any other securities and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration and qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. The Notes are being offered only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in an offering exempt from registration in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes proposed to be offered will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws. Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this release contain various forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements for purposes of these provisions. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, project, predict, potential, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements related to the proposed terms of the offering described herein, the completion, timing, and size of the proposed offering, and the anticipated use of proceeds from the offering. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors include, among others, the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Spirit s business, results of operations and financial condition, and the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on overall demand for air travel, restrictions on Spirit s business by accepting financing under the CARES Act, the competitive environment in our industry, our ability to keep costs low and the impact of worldwide economic conditions, including the impact of economic cycles or downturns on customer travel behavior, and other factors, as described in Spirit s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the detailed factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors in Spirit s amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, as supplemented in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2020 and the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2020. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. Risks or uncertainties (i) that are not currently known to us, (ii) that we currently deem to be immaterial, or (iii) that could apply to any company, could also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or future results. About Spirit Airlines: Spirit Airlines (NYSE: SAVE) is committed to delivering the best value in the sky. We are the leader in providing customizable travel options starting with an unbundled fare. This allows our Guests to pay only for the options they choose like bags, seat assignments and refreshments something we call La Smarte. We make it possible for our Guests to venture further and discover more than ever before. Our Fit Fleet is one of the youngest and most fuel-efficient in the U.S. We serve destinations throughout the U.S., Latin America and the Caribbean and are dedicated to giving back and improving those communities. Come save with us at spirit.com. At Spirit Airlines, we go. We go for you.

Laurentian Bank Financial Group Announces Reduced Common Share Dividend and Declares Dividends on Common and Preferred Shares Toronto Stock Exchange:LB MONTREAL, May 29, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- At its meeting held on May 28, 2020, given the highly uncertain economic environment, the Board of Directors of the Laurentian Bank of Canada (TSX: LB) (the Bank ) has approved a reduction of the quarterly dividend on its common shares by $0.27 or 40% to provide greater financial strength and flexibility to support continued growth, the pursuit of the Bank s Strategic Plan, and the alignment of the Bank s payout ratio with the Bank s policy. The Board of Directors declared the following dividends: a regular quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share on the common shares, payable on August 1, 2020, to shareholders at the close of business on July 2, 2020. a dividend of $0.2576875 per share on the preferred shares Series 13, payable on June 15, 2020, to shareholders at the close of business on June 8, 2020. a dividend of $0.365625 per share on the preferred shares Series 15, payable on June 15, 2020, to shareholders at the close of business on June 8, 2020. The above-mentioned dividends are designated as eligible dividends for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and any similar provincial and territorial legislation. The above-mentioned shares are eligible shares under the Bank s Shareholder Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan (the Plan ). Consequently, the holders of such shares may elect to reinvest their dividends in newly issued common shares of the Bank. Such purchases will be made at the applicable investment price as defined in the Plan, less a discount of 2%, and no brokerage commissions or service charges of any kind will apply. In addition, holders of such shares are entitled to make monthly optional cash payments to purchase additional common shares in accordance with the terms of the Plan. For more information, please contact Computershare Trust Company of Canada at 1-800-564-6253. Beneficial or non-registered owners of common and preferred shares must contact their financial institution or broker for instructions on how to participate in the Plan. About Laurentian Bank Financial Group Founded in 1846, Laurentian Bank Financial Group is a diversified financial services provider whose mission is to help its customers improve their financial health. The Laurentian Bank of Canada and its entities are collectively referred to as Laurentian Bank Financial Group (the Group or the Bank ). With more than 3,100 employees guided by the values of proximity, simplicity and honesty, the Group provides a broad range of advice-based solutions and services to its personal, business and institutional customers. With pan-Canadian activities and a presence in the U.S., the Group is an important player in numerous market segments. The Group has $45.4 billion in balance sheet assets and $27.1 billion in assets under administration. Information:

ASGN Incorporated Announces Acquisition of Intersys Consulting, LLC Adds core capabilities in digital innovation and enterprise solutions CALABASAS, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ASGN Incorporated (NYSE: ASGN), a leading provider of technology services to the commercial and government sectors, announced today the completion of its acquisition of Intersys Consulting, LLC ( Intersys or the Company ) for $67.0 million in cash. The acquisition deepens and expands ASGN's capabilities in digital innovation and enterprise solutions. Intersys will become part of ASGN s Apex Systems division. Intersys has developed a strong presence in the technology, consumer, healthcare and financial sectors through their solutions capabilities in the areas of data, analytics, digital, search, agile and cloud for organizations seeking to drive modernization within their technology products and systems, while simultaneously accelerating their growth strategies. Intersys anticipates approximately $31 million in revenues for full year 2019 along with double-digit revenue growth in 2020. ASGN expects to realize revenue synergies by leveraging Intersys robust capabilities to capture an increased portion of Apex s growing pipeline of consulting opportunities. I am pleased to announce the acquisition of Intersys, an important step in ASGN's strategic growth plan to deliver increased value for our customers and stockholders, said ASGN President and Chief Executive Officer Ted Hanson. Intersys' industry expertise combined with the Company's deep focus on developing longstanding customer relationships, fits well with ASGN's own mission to provide high-end technology services to accounts in each of the end markets we serve. The Apex and Intersys combination strengthens our vision of merging industry expertise and technology solutions capabilities with our unparalleled account relationships and unique approach to provision consultants on a just-in-time basis for projects in a way that sets us apart from the competition. As part of the Apex Systems division, Intersys will benefit from greater access to industry-leading methodologies along with a broader talent pool to address some of the most critical digital and enterprise challenges. At the same time, Intersys will offer subject matter expertise to Apex Systems growing pipeline of work focused on cloud solutions, data science and digital product development with expertise in key industry sectors serviced by Apex Systems. This transaction enables us to market our current capabilities to a significantly larger group of customers and bring new solutions to the clients we serve today, said Intersys Chief Executive Officer Jeff Schmalbach. ASGN is a multi-billion dollar IT services provider and one of the fastest growing companies in the marketplace. Our clients will immediately benefit from the expanded service offerings and added capability to scale and increase velocity. Both our business and that of Apex Systems have always revolved around doing what is in the best interests of our clients, and this combination further reinforces that mission. Equity Grants In connection with the closing, ASGN granted restricted stock unit awards to 15 Intersys employees covering approximately 50,000 shares. Subject to continued service to the company, the grants will vest: (a) one-half on the second anniversary of the grant date, and (b) 25 percent on each of the third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. The restricted stock unit awards were granted to the Intersys employees as employment inducement awards pursuant to New York Stock Exchange rules. Legal and Financial Advisors ASGN retained Sullivan & Cromwell LLP as legal counsel on the transaction. Intersys retained Pillsbury as legal counsel and Clearsight Advisors as financial advisors. About ASGN Incorporated ASGN Incorporated (NYSE: ASGN) is one of the foremost providers of IT and professional services in the technology, digital, creative, engineering and life sciences fields across commercial and government sectors. Operating through its Apex, Oxford and ECS segments, ASGN helps leading corporate enterprises and government organizations develop, implement and operate critical IT and business solutions through its integrated offering of professional staffing and IT solutions. Our mission as an organization is to be the most trusted partner for companies seeking highly skilled human capital and integrated solutions to fulfill their strategic and operational needs. ASGN was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Calabasas, California. For more information, visit us at asgn.com. About Apex Systems Apex Systems combines with parent company ASGN Incorporated to be the 2nd largest IT staffing and services firm and the 3rd largest clinical/scientific staffing firm in the U.S. Founded in 1995 and headquartered in Glen Allen, Virginia, Apex utilizes specialized technology and industry practice groups to deliver the most talented and qualified technical professionals and solutions to clients within all major industries. Apex has a presence in over 70 markets across North America with contractors currently placed in companies throughout the U.S. and Canada. In 2018, Apex had over 44,500 professionals engaged on customer projects. To learn more, visit www.apexsystems.com. About Intersys Intersys, headquartered in Austin, Texas, delivers cutting-edge solutions at the cross-section of Data and Digital transformation. Through its end-to-end capabilities, Intersys enables clients to assemble and analyze data to create insights, while providing the applications to consume those insights. Intersys has operations in the United States and, in conjunction with a nearshore delivery center in Mexico, serves customers in the Fortune 2000 and SaaS Product Development segments. For more information, visit www.intersysconsulting.com. Safe Harbor Certain statements made in this news release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and involve a high degree of risk and uncertainty. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our anticipated financial and operating performance. All statements in this release, other than those setting forth strictly historical information, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results might differ materially. In particular, we make no assurances that the estimates of revenues and Adjusted EBITDA will be achieved. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include actual demand for ASGN or Intersys services, the companies' abilities to attract, train and retain qualified staffing consultants, the companies' abilities to remain competitive in obtaining and retaining clients, the availability of qualified contract professionals, management of growth, continued performance and improvement of enterprise-wide information systems, the companies' ability to manage litigation matters, the successful integration of Intersys, and other risks detailed from time to time in reports filed with the SEC, including ASGN's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, as filed with the SEC on March 1, 2019 and ASGN's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2019. We specifically disclaim any intention or duty to update any forward-looking statements contained in this news release.

Superconductor Technologies Inc. Completes Reverse Stock Split AUSTIN, Texas, Sept. 09, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Superconductor Technologies Inc. (STI) (Nasdaq: SCON) will effect a one-for-ten (1:10) reverse split of its common stock on September 10, 2020. The reverse stock split, which was authorized by its Board of Directors, was approved by STI's stockholders on September 9, 2020. Upon market open Thursday, September 10, 2020, STI's common stock will continue trading under the symbol SCON on a split-adjusted basis with a new CUSIP number: 867931 701. STI has implemented the reverse stock split for the purpose of regaining compliance with the Nasdaq Stock Market's listing maintenance standard that requires STI to maintain at least a $1.00 per share minimum bid price. The reverse stock split will reduce the number of outstanding shares of STI common stock from approximately 31,517,833 shares as of August 7, 2020, to approximately 3,151,783 shares outstanding post-split. Correspondingly, the initial trading price of STI common stock is expected to proportionately increase immediately following the reverse stock split. However, other factors may adversely affect the price of our common stock and there can be no assurance that the reverse stock split will increase the trading price of our common stock. Additionally, there is no assurance that the reverse stock split will allow us to regain and maintain compliance with the Nasdaq Stock Market's listing maintenance standard. In the reverse stock split, each ten shares of issued and outstanding common stock will be converted automatically into one share of common stock. No fractional shares will be issued in connection with the reverse stock split, and stockholders who would be entitled to fractional shares will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares. The reverse stock split will also have a proportionate effect on all stock options and warrants outstanding as of September 10, 2020. In conjunction with the reverse stock split, the authorized shares of common stock are being reduced by the same one-for-ten ratio, resulting in 25,000,000 shares of authorized capital stock. Stockholders who hold their shares in brokerage accounts or in "street name" will not be required to take any action to effect the exchange of their shares. Stockholders of record as of September 10, 2020, who hold share certificates will receive instructions from STI's transfer agent, Computershare, explaining the process for obtaining new post-split stock certificates. Computershare will act as the exchange agent for purposes of implementing the exchange of stock certificates. Additional information on the reverse split can be found in STI's definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2020, which is available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and on the company's website . About Superconductor Technologies Inc. (STI) Superconductor Technologies Inc. is a global leader in superconducting innovation. Since 1987, STI has led innovation in HTS materials, developing more than 100 patents as well as proprietary trade secrets and manufacturing expertise. For more than 20 years STI utilized its unique HTS manufacturing process for solutions to maximize capacity utilization and coverage for Tier 1 telecommunications operators. Headquartered in Austin, TX, Superconductor Technologies Inc.'s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker symbol SCON. For more information about STI, please visit http://www.suptech.com . Safe Harbor Statement This communication contains forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) concerning STI, its future listing on Nasdaq and other matters. These statements may discuss the likelihood of remaining listed on Nasdaq, and STI goals, intentions and expectations as to future plans, trends, events, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, based on current beliefs of the management of STI, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. Forward-looking statements generally include statements that are predictive in nature and depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, and include words such as may, will, should, would, expect, anticipate, plan, likely, believe, estimate, project, intend, and other similar expressions. Statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement as a result of various factors, including, without limitation: the risk that STI will be delisted by Nasdaq notwithstanding the reverse stock split, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our stock price and liquidity; regulatory requirements or developments; changes in capital resource requirements; and legislative, regulatory, political and economic developments. The foregoing review of important factors that could cause actual events to differ from expectations should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with statements that are included herein and elsewhere, including the risk factors included in STI s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. STI can give no assurance that it will remain listed on Nasdaq. Except as required by applicable law, STI undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

PICO Holdings, Inc. Announces an Increase in the Board Authorization of its Stock Repurchase Program CARSON CITY, Nev.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--PICO Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: PICO) announced today that its Board of Directors has approved the repurchase of up to an aggregate of $100 million of its common stock which would be made from time to time on the open market at prevailing market prices or in negotiated transactions off the market, as capital becomes available. The Company's Board of Directors had previously authorized in November 2015 an aggregate of $50 million for its stock repurchase program and to date the Company has repurchased 3,494,443 shares for approximately $38.9 million. The Company also announced the Company's broker under the expanded repurchase program is Bank of America (Corporate Execution Desk (212) 449-4900). About PICO Holdings As of September 30, 2019, our primary holding was Vidler Water Company, Inc. ("Vidler"), a water resource and water storage business, with assets and operations primarily in the Southwestern U.S. Currently, we believe the Company s highest potential return to shareholders is from a return of capital. As we monetize assets, rather than reinvest the proceeds, we intend to return capital to shareholders through a stock repurchase program or by other means such as special dividends. Nonetheless, we may, from time to time, reinvest a portion of proceeds from asset monetizations in further development of existing assets, if we believe the returns on such reinvestment outweigh the benefits of a return of capital. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain statements that may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such statements are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical or current fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to our stock repurchase program. Forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of management and current market conditions. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, which could cause future events and actual results to differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by, or underlying the forward-looking statements. Statements in this press release that are not historical, including statements regarding our business objectives, our ability to monetize our water resources, the future demand for our water resources, our ability to preserve and utilize NOLs to offset taxable income and reduce our federal income liability, and our ability to monetize assets and return capital to shareholders through stock repurchases or through other means, are forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. In addition, a number of other factors may cause results to differ materially from our expectations, including, without limitation: any slow down or downturn in the housing or real estate markets in which Vidler operates; fluctuations in the prices of water and water rights; physical, governmental and legal restrictions on water and water rights; a downturn in some sectors of the stock market; general economic conditions; prolonged weakness in the overall U.S. and global economies; the performance of the businesses in which Vidler operates; the continued service and availability of the Company s key management personnel; and potential capital requirements and financing alternatives. For further information regarding risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Risk Factors sections of our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by contacting us at (775) 885-5000 x200 or at http://investors.picoholdings.com. We undertake no obligation to (and we expressly disclaim any obligation to) update our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events, or otherwise, in order to reflect any event or circumstance which may arise after the date of this press release, except as may otherwise be required by law. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release.

Sikorsky Receives Second Contract to Build Presidential Helicopters VH 92A test helicopters flying and validating mission capabilities STRATFORD, Conn., Feb. 20, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Sikorsky, a Lockheed Martin company (NYSE: LMT), will build six production VH-92A Presidential Helicopters under a contract from the U.S Navy. These helicopters are part of the 23 aircraft program of record for the U.S. Marine Corps. Under the terms of the contract, known as Low Rate Initial Production (LRIP) Lot II, Sikorsky will begin deliveries of six VH-92A helicopters in 2022. The remaining production aircraft will be delivered in 2022 and 2023. VH-92A helicopter on the tarmac at Naval Air Station, Patuxent River. The VH-92A test aircraft have proven their production readiness by undergoing rigorous U.S. government testing and operational assessments, including more than 1,000 flight test hours establishing the aircraft s technical maturity and readiness of its mission systems. Photo courtesy U.S. Navy. "The program continues to progress on budget and within our planned acquisition timeline," said Col. Eric Ropella, PMA-274 presidential helicopter program manager. "The award of LRIP Lot II reinforces the importance of this Marine Corps no-fail mission especially as we move into the next phase of government testing this year." Helicopter on Track to Meet MilestonesThe VH-92A test aircraft at Patuxent River, Maryland, have proven their production readiness by undergoing rigorous U.S. government testing and operational assessments, including more than 1,000 flight test hours establishing the aircraft's technical maturity and readiness of its mission systems. Sikorsky has transferred five VH-92A helicopters into government test with the sixth completing modification and entering into government test this spring. The VH-92A program is on track to enter Initial Operational Test and Evaluation (IOT&E) later this year. "Now that we are ramping up production, the VH-92A program is gaining momentum," said Dave Banquer, Sikorsky VH-92A program director. "This second contract award demonstrates the confidence the U.S. Marine Corps has in Sikorsky's proven ability to deliver and support the next generation Presidential helicopter."Production of VH-92A Helicopters Underway All six of the production aircraft from the first Low Rate Initial Production contract are undergoing modifications at Sikorsky's Stratford, Connecticut plant and are on schedule to begin deliveries in 2021. Sikorsky and the U.S. Navy integrate mature mission and communication systems into the aircraft. This aircraft provides communication capability to perform the duties of Commander in Chief, Head of State and Chief Executive. The VH-92A aircraft will provide safe, reliable and capable transportation for the President and Vice President. This program ensures long term affordability and maintainability by utilizing the FAA certified S-92 aircraft which has industry leading reliability and availability. The S-92 fleet surpassed 1.5 million flight hours in 2019 and averages 14,400 hours of safe flight per month."The men and women of Sikorsky treasure our legacy of building and providing helicopter transportation for every President and Commander in Chief since Dwight D. Eisenhower," said Banquer. "We are proud to continue that legacy with the VH-92A helicopter."For additional information, visit our website: www.lockheedmartin.com/sikorsky. VH-92A is a registered trademark of the Department of the Navy.About Lockheed MartinHeadquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, Lockheed Martin is a global security and aerospace company that employs approximately 110,000 people worldwide and is principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. SOURCE Lockheed Martin Corporation Related Links http://www.lmsg.lmco.com/gsa

Kratos Awarded $4.9 Million Contract to Update Satellite Ground System for Air Force Satellite Control Network (AFSCN) Allows AFSCN to leverage current technology as it transitions to a Digital IP Architecture SAN DIEGO, May 13, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq: KTOS), a leading National Security Solutions provider, announced today that it had been awarded a $4.9 million contract to modernize the infrastructure and systems that interconnect the Air Force Satellite Control Network (AFSCN) sites under the AFSCN Network Edge Transport System (ANETS) program. The ANETS system will enable the AFSCN to meet the growing needs of its user community. Kratos is deeply experienced with the AFSCN, having provided services to support the AFSCN in the past, said Mike Rice, Vice President of Kratos Space Federal SATCOM & Ground Systems. The new ANETS system will enable the AFSCN to more efficiently scale to meet the increasing demands from AFSCN users. Kratos will provide CACI, the prime contractor for this program, and the government a modular, low-risk, turnkey, integrated solution based on mature Commercial Off-the Shelf (COTS) technology. The solution will be comprised of two systems: Wide Area Network Interface Function (WANIF) and a Wide Area Network (WAN) Resource Manager (WRM) system. Kratos will supply the WANIF units, based on a highly modular and scalable design, to interconnect AFSCN sites. The WANIF units utilize Kratos cutting edge technology that provides protection against data loss during IP network transport. Kratos will also supply the WRM, which is based on COTS software applications running on COTS hardware (dedicated servers or private cloud), to proactively manage and control the WANIF units that are deployed globally. The WRM encompasses Kratos suite of network management and control products for terrestrial and enterprise network operations, satellite networks and network devices. The core COTS technologies for ANETS are currently in operation supporting some of the largest and most critical space-ground systems in the world for the Intelligence Community, U.S. Department of Defense and commercial sectors. About Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTOS) develops and fields transformative, affordable technology, platforms and systems for United States National Security related customers, allies and commercial enterprises. Kratos is changing the way breakthrough technology for these industries are rapidly brought to market through proven commercial and venture capital backed approaches, including proactive research and streamlined development processes. Kratos specializes in unmanned systems, satellite communications, cyber security/warfare, microwave electronics, missile defense, hypersonic systems, training, combat systems and next generation turbo jet and turbo fan engine development. For more information go to www.KratosDefense.com . Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of Kratos and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Kratos undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although Kratos believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements involve many risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from what may be expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. For a further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the business of Kratos in general, see the risk disclosures in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kratos for the year ended December 29, 2019, and in subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and other filings made with the SEC by Kratos. Press Contact: Yolanda White 858-812-7302 Direct Investor Information: 877-934-4687 investor@kratosdefense.com

Rowan Announces Contract with Repsol for the Rowan EXL II HOUSTON, March 13, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Rowan Companies plc ("Rowan" or the "Company") (NYSE: RDC) announced today that Repsol Exploracion Guyana, S.A. has signed a contract for the EXL II, a high-specification Super 116E Jack-up rig, for work in Guyana. The contract is for one well beginning in the third quarter of 2019 with a duration of approximately 45 days. The EXL II is currently under contract with BP in Trinidad. Rowan is a global provider of contract drilling services with a fleet of 25 mobile offshore drilling units, composed of 21 self-elevating jack-up rigs and four ultra-deepwater drillships. The Company's fleet operates worldwide, including the United States Gulf of Mexico, Mexico, the United Kingdom and Norwegian sectors of the North Sea, the Middle East, the Mediterranean Sea, Central and South America. Additionally, the Company is a 50/50 partner in a joint venture with Saudi Aramco, entitled ARO Drilling, that owns a fleet of seven self-elevating jack-up rigs that operate in the Arabian Gulf. The Company's Class A Ordinary Shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "RDC". For more information on the Company, please visit www.rowan.com. Statements herein that are not historical facts are forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation, statements as to the effective commencement date, scope of work, and duration of the contracts. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to numerous risks, assumptions, trends and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include oil and natural gas prices and the impact of the economic climate; changes in the offshore drilling market, including fluctuations in supply and demand; variable levels of drilling activity and expenditures in the energy industry; changes in day rates; ability to secure future drilling contracts; cancellation, early termination or renegotiation by our customers of drilling contracts; customer credit and risk of customer bankruptcy; risks associated with fixed cost drilling operations; unplanned downtime; operating hazards and equipment failure; risks of collision and damage; casualty losses and limitations on insurance coverage; weather conditions in the Company's operating areas; hostilities, terrorism, and piracy; impairments; cyber incidents; the outcomes of disputes, including tax disputes and legal proceedings; and other risks disclosed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date hereof, and the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/720386/Rowan_Companies_Logo.jpg SOURCE Rowan Companies plc Related Links http://www.rowan.com

OPKO Health Announces Positive Top-Line Results of Phase 3 Efficacy and Safety Study of Somatrogon for the Treatment of Japanese Children with Growth Hormone Deficiency MIAMI, June 09, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Following last October s announcement of successful results of the global Phase 3 study of once-weekly somatrogon, an investigational agent for the treatment of pediatric growth hormone deficiency (pGHD), OPKO Health Inc. (NASDAQ: OPK) announced today that the Japan Phase 3 clinical trial met its primary and secondary objectives, and demonstrated that the efficacy and safety of somatrogon administered weekly was comparable to GENOTROPIN (somatropin) for injection administered once-daily as measured by annual height velocity after 12 months of treatment in treatment-na ve Japanese pre-pubertal children with GHD. The findings were consistent with the results previously reported in the Phase 3 global study. Using the Full Analysis Set, the least squared means for the annual height velocity was higher in the somatrogon group (9.65 cm/year) than in the GENOTROPIN group (7.87 cm/year). The point estimate of the treatment difference was 1.79 cm/year with the two-sided 95% confidence interval of (0.97, 2.60). Similarly, greater change in height standard deviation score from baseline at 12 months was observed for the somatrogon group (0.94) compared to the GENOTROPIN group (0.52), indicating that both somatrogon and GENOTROPIN were associated with catch-up growth in treated patients. Most adverse events were mild to moderate in severity with no notable differences between the treatment groups, and weekly somatrogon administration was generally well-tolerated. A total of six serious adverse events were reported in four patients (two in the somatrogon arm and two in the GENOTROPIN arm). One patient in the GENOTROPIN group discontinued treatment in the study due to adverse events. We are pleased to announce positive top-line results from the Japanese Phase 3 clinical study of somatrogon. We have reached an additional clinical development milestone of somatrogon with the demonstration of comparable efficacy and safety of somatrogon administered once-weekly to daily administration of GENOTROPIN in pediatric patients with growth hormone deficiency, said Phillip Frost, M.D., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of OPKO. Positive results in both the Japanese and pivotal global Phase 3 pediatric trials are promising for children with pGHD. Treatment with once-weekly somatrogon represents a significant advance, which has the potential to enhance patient adherence and quality of life. The data from the Japan Phase 3 trial are very encouraging and point to the potential of bringing a once-weekly treatment option to children with pGHD. We are committed to furthering treatment advances for people living with rare growth hormone disorders and this is an exciting advance that may help ease the daily disease burden for children and their caregivers, said Brenda Cooperstone, M.D., Chief Development Officer, Rare Disease, Pfizer Global Product Development. In 2014, Pfizer and OPKO entered into a worldwide agreement for the development and commercialization of somatrogon for the treatment of GHD. Under the agreement, OPKO is responsible for conducting the clinical program and Pfizer is responsible for registering and commercializing the product. The companies will evaluate the potential for additional pediatric and adult indications, as appropriate. About the Study The Phase 3 study of somatrogon in 44 treatment-na ve Japanese pre-pubertal children with pGHD was a 12-month, open-label, randomized, active-controlled, parallel-group study of the efficacy and safety of weekly somatrogon compared to recombinant human growth hormone (r-hGH), GENOTROPIN (somatropin) for injection treatment administered once-daily. Eligible patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive either once-weekly somatrogon or GENOTROPIN administered once-daily (reference therapy, 0.025 mg/kg/day which is equivalent to 0.175 mg/kg/week). To obtain pharmacokinetic information of three different weekly doses in Japanese pGHD patients, somatrogon treated patients received 0.25 mg/kg/week for 2 weeks, followed by 0.48 mg/kg/week for 2 weeks followed by 0.66 mg/kg/week for the remaining 46 weeks. Somatrogon was administered subcutaneously using a single patient use, multi-dose, disposable, pre-filled pen, the same pen used in the global study, while GENOTROPIN was administered using approved commercial products in Japan. Patients who completed the 12-month Main Study Period and met the inclusion criteria were given the opportunity to continue in a long-term open label extension period with once-weekly somatrogon until marketing approval. All patients in the GENOTROPIN group have been switched to weekly somatrogon treatment. About Somatrogon Somatrogon is a new molecular entity that contains the natural sequence of human growth hormone and one copy of the C-terminal peptide (CTP) from the beta chain of human chorionic hCG at the N-terminus and two copies at the C-terminus. The CTPs extend the half-life of the molecule. Somatrogon received Orphan Drug designation in the U.S. and the EU for the treatment of children and adults with growth hormone deficiency. About Growth Hormone Deficiency Growth hormone deficiency is a rare disease characterized by the inadequate secretion of growth hormone from the pituitary gland and affects one in approximately 4,000 to 10,000 people. In children, this disease can be caused by genetic mutations or acquired after birth. Because the patient's pituitary gland secretes inadequate levels of somatropin, the hormone that causes growth, his or her height may be affected and puberty may be delayed. Without treatment, he or she will have persistent growth attenuation, a very short height in adulthood and may experience other health problems. About GENOTROPIN GENOTROPIN is a recombinant growth hormone as a replacement treatment option, approved in the United States for children who do not make enough growth hormone on their own, have the genetic condition called Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS), were born smaller than most other babies, have the genetic condition called Turner syndrome (TS) or have idiopathic short stature (ISS). GENOTROPIN is also approved in the United States to treat adults with growth hormone deficiency. GENOTROPIN is taken by injection just below the skin and is available in a wide range of devices to fit a range of individual dosing needs. GENOTROPIN is distributed by Pharmacia and Upjohn Co., a division of Pfizer, Inc. About OPKO Health, Inc. OPKO is a multinational biopharmaceutical and diagnostics company that seeks to establish industry-leading positions in large, rapidly growing markets by leveraging its discovery, development, and commercialization expertise and novel and proprietary technologies. For more information, visit www.opko.com . Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking information about a product candidate, somatrogon dosed once-weekly in pre-pubertal children with growth hormone deficiency (or GHD), including its potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable new clinical data and further analyses of existing clinical data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities; whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from our clinical studies; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for somatrogon; whether and when any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on myriad factors, including making a determination as to whether the product's benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the product's efficacy and, if approved, whether somatrogon will be commercially successful; decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of somatrogon; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in OPKO s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned Risk Factors , Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results , Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.OPKO.com . Contacts:

FDA Grants Orphan Drug Designation To RGX-181 Gene Therapy For The Treatment Of CLN2 Form Of Batten Disease Novel, one time investigational treatment for CLN2 disease designed to halt progression of neurological decline Company continues to advance toward IND submission in 2019 ROCKVILLE, Md., Nov. 14, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- REGENXBIO Inc. (Nasdaq: RGNX), a leading clinical-stage biotechnology company seeking to improve lives through the curative potential of gene therapy based on its proprietary NAV Technology Platform, today announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Orphan Drug Designation to RGX-181, a one-time treatment candidate for late-infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease, one of the most common forms of Batten disease caused by mutations in the tripeptidyl peptidase 1 (TPP1) gene. "We believe RGX-181 has the potential to correct the underlying genetic condition, halt progression and address many of the serious and life-threatening symptoms of CLN2 disease," said Kenneth T. Mills, President and Chief Executive Officer of REGENXBIO. "CLN2 disease is an extremely debilitating disease in children with no cure and limited treatment options. Receiving Orphan Drug Designation from the FDA signifies our continued progress and commitment to develop RGX-181 as a potential one-time treatment for children with CLN2 disease." FDA Orphan Drug Designation is granted to investigational therapies addressing rare medical diseases or conditions that affect fewer than 200,000 people in the United States. Orphan drug status provides benefits to drug developers including assistance in the drug development process, tax credits for clinical costs, exemptions from certain FDA fees and seven years of marketing exclusivity. RGX-181 is designed to use REGENXBIO's NAV AAV9 vector to deliver the TPP1 gene directly to the central nervous system (CNS), which may induce sustained levels of TPP1, the enzyme deficient in children with CLN2 disease. REGENXBIO plans to submit an Investigational New Drug (IND) application for RGX-181 to the FDA in 2019 to enable initiation of a first-in-human clinical trial. About RGX-181RGX-181 is being developed as a novel, one-time treatment for CLN2 disease utilizing the NAV AAV9 vector to deliver the gene encoding for TPP1, the enzyme deficient in children with CLN2 disease. Following a single administration given by intracisternal injection, RGX-181 treatment is designed to modify cells in the CNS, thereby providing a durable source of TPP1 and allowing for long-term correction of cells throughout the CNS. In an animal model for CLN2 disease, treatment with RGX-181 has been shown to restore TPP1 activity to levels greater than those in non-affected animals, and to improve neurobehavioral function and survival. The extent of CNS correction observed in animal studies suggests that RGX-181 has the potential to be an important and suitable therapeutic option for patients with CLN2 disease. About CLN2 DiseaseLate-infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease, a form of Batten disease, is a rare, pediatric-onset, autosomal recessive, neurodegenerative lysosomal storage disorder caused by mutations in the TPP1 gene. Mutations in the TPP1 gene, and subsequent deficiency in TPP1 enzymatic activity, result in lysosomal accumulation of storage material and degeneration of tissues including the brain and retina. CLN2 disease is characterized by seizures, rapid deterioration of language and motor functions, cognitive decline, loss of vision and blindness, and premature death by mid-childhood. Onset of symptoms is generally between two to four years of age with initial features of recurrent seizures (epilepsy), language delay, and difficulty coordinating movements (ataxia). There is currently no cure for CLN2 disease. Current treatment options include palliative care or enzyme replacement therapy, wherein recombinant TPP1 is administered into the lateral ventricles via a permanently implanted device on a biweekly basis. About REGENXBIO Inc.REGENXBIO is a leading clinical-stage biotechnology company seeking to improve lives through the curative potential of gene therapy. REGENXBIO's NAV Technology Platform, a proprietary adeno-associated virus (AAV) gene delivery platform, consists of exclusive rights to more than 100 novel AAV vectors, including AAV7, AAV8, AAV9 and AAVrh10. REGENXBIO and its third-party NAV Technology Platform Licensees are applying the NAV Technology Platform in the development of a broad pipeline of candidates in multiple therapeutic areas. Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes "forward-looking statements," within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements express a belief, expectation or intention and are generally accompanied by words that convey projected future events or outcomes such as "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "design," "intend," "expect," "could," "plan," "potential," "predict," "seek," "should," "would" or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. The forward-looking statements include statements relating to, among other things, REGENXBIO's future operations and clinical trials. REGENXBIO has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations and assumptions and analyses made by REGENXBIO in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors REGENXBIO believes are appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether actual results and developments will conform with REGENXBIO's expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the timing of enrollment, commencement and completion and the success of clinical trials conducted by REGENXBIO, its licensees and its partners, the timing of commencement and completion and the success of preclinical studies conducted by REGENXBIO and its development partners, the timely development and launch of new products, the ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of product candidates, the ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for product candidates and technology, trends and challenges in the business and markets in which REGENXBIO operates, the size and growth of potential markets for product candidates and the ability to serve those markets, the rate and degree of acceptance of product candidates, and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of REGENXBIO. Refer to the "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" sections of REGENXBIO's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and comparable "risk factors" sections of REGENXBIO's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings, which have been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. All of the forward-looking statements made in this press release are expressly qualified by the cautionary statements contained or referred to herein. The actual results or developments anticipated may not be realized or, even if substantially realized, they may not have the expected consequences to or effects on REGENXBIO or its businesses or operations. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to rely too heavily on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. REGENXBIO does not undertake any obligation, and specifically declines any obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CONTACT: Patient AdvocacyVivian Fernandez[email protected] InvestorsNatalie Wildenradt, 646-681-8192[email protected] MediaAdam Pawluk, 202-591-4063 [email protected] SOURCE REGENXBIO Inc. Related Links http://www.regenxbio.com

FDA Approves New Dupixent (dupilumab) Pre-filled Pen Designed to Support More Convenient Self-Administration TARRYTOWN, N.Y. and CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 19, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Single-dose (300 mg) pre-filled pen provides additional administration option to adults and adolescents who are prescribed Dupixent 300 mg pre-filled pen expected to be available third quarter of 2020 Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved a 300 mg single-dose pre-filled pen for Dupixent (dupilumab). The pre-filled pen is approved for all Dupixent indications in patients aged 12 years and older, which includes use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis, asthma and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP), for at-home administration. This new pre-filled pen will provide patients with a more convenient option for administering Dupixent. "Chronic type 2 inflammatory diseases such as atopic dermatitis, asthma and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps can be incredibly complex to manage, leaving patients burdened and apprehensive about their treatment options," said George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D., Co-founder, President and Chief Scientific Officer at Regeneron. "The Dupixent pre-filled pen was specifically designed to provide patients with an easy-to-use, convenient option so they can feel more comfortable administering their injections." The 300 mg pre-filled pen is expected to be available in the U.S. in the third quarter of 2020. The pre-filled pen features a hidden needle and single-press auto-injection, along with visual and audio feedback to help with administration. Regeneron and Sanofi are working with the FDA to provide additional data they require to complete their review of the 200 mg pre-filled pen. The pre-filled syringe continues to be available in both 200 mg and 300 mg doses for use in a clinic or at home by self-administration. Both methods of administration require training by a healthcare professional. "We know that administering or receiving an injection, especially for a medicine that patients need to receive regularly, can seem daunting for patients or their parents or caregivers," said Bill Sibold, Executive Vice President and Head of Sanofi Genzyme. "The Dupixent pre-filled pen was developed based on patient input and offers the latest technology, including visual and audio cues, to help provide support when taking this medicine." Regeneron and Sanofi are committed to helping patients in the U.S. who are prescribed Dupixent gain access to the medicine and receive the support they may need with the DUPIXENT MyWay program. For more information, please call 1-844-DUPIXENT (1-844-387-4936) or visit www.DUPIXENT.com. Dupixent is a fully-human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) proteins, and is not an immunosuppressant. Data from Dupixent clinical trials have shown that IL-4 and IL-13 are key drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in atopic dermatitis, asthma and CRSwNP. Across all approved indications globally, more than 150,000 patients have been treated with Dupixent. About DupixentDupixent is approved in the U.S. to treat patients aged 6 years and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical), or who cannot use topical therapies; for use with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in patients aged 12 years and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines; and for use with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of CRSwNP in adults whose disease is not controlled. In adolescents 12 years of age or older, it is recommended that Dupixent be administered by or under the supervision of an adult. In children younger than 12 years of age, Dupixent should be administered by a caregiver. Outside of the U.S., Dupixent is approved for specific patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis and certain patients with asthma in a number of other countries around the world, including the EU and Japan. Dupixent is also approved in the EU and Japan to treat certain adults with severe CRSwNP. The 200 mg and 300 mg pre-filled pens are currently approved in the EU. Dupilumab Development ProgramTo date, dupilumab has been studied in more than 10,000 patients across 50 clinical trials in various chronic diseases driven by type 2 inflammation. In addition to the currently approved indications, Regeneron and Sanofi are also studying dupilumab in a broad range of clinical development programs for diseases driven by allergic and other type 2 inflammation, including pediatric asthma (6 to 11 years of age, Phase 3), pediatric atopic dermatitis (6 months to 5 years of age, Phase 2/3), eosinophilic esophagitis (Phase 3), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (Phase 3), bullous pemphigoid (Phase 3), prurigo nodularis (Phase 3), chronic spontaneous urticaria (Phase 3), and food and environmental allergies (Phase 2). These potential uses are investigational, and the safety and efficacy have not been evaluated by any regulatory authority. Dupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. Dupilumab was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune technology that utilizes a proprietary genetically-engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically-humanized immune system to produce optimized fully-human antibodies. VelocImmune technology has been used to create multiple antibodies including Libtayo (cemiplimab-rwlc), Praluent (alirocumab) and Kevzara (sarilumab), which are approved in multiple countries around the world. Regeneron previously used these technologies to rapidly develop a treatment for Ebola virus infection, which is currently under review by the FDA, and is now being used in efforts to create prophylactic and treatment medicines for COVID-19. U.S. Indications DUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used: to treat people aged 6 years and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (eczema) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical), or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 years of age. with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in people aged 12 years and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 12 years of age. with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR U.S. PATIENTS Do not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT . Before using DUPIXENT, tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions, including if you: have eye problems have a parasitic (helminth) infection are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a "live vaccine" if you are treated with DUPIXENT. are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. There is a pregnancy exposure registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy to collect information about the health of you and your baby. Your healthcare provider can enroll you or you may enroll yourself. To get more information about the registry call 1 877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/. are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk. Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins and herbal supplements. Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral, topical, or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis or CRSwNP, and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back. DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects, including: Allergic reactions (hypersensitivity), including a severe reaction known as anaphylaxis. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following symptoms: breathing problems, fever, general ill feeling, swollen lymph nodes, swelling of the face, mouth and tongue, hives, itching, fainting, dizziness, feeling lightheaded (low blood pressure), joint pain, or skin rash. Eye problems. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems, including eye pain or changes in vision. Inflammation of your blood vessels. Rarely, this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash, shortness of breath, persistent fever, chest pain, or a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs. The most common side effects include: Atopic dermatitis: injection site reactions, eye and eyelid inflammation, including redness, swelling, and itching, and cold sores in your mouth or on your lips. Asthma: injection site reactions, pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain), and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia). Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis: injection site reactions, eye and eyelid inflammation, including redness, swelling, and itching, high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia), trouble sleeping (insomnia), toothache, gastritis, and joint pain (arthralgia). Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed. Your healthcare provider will tell you how much DUPIXENT to inject and how often to inject it. DUPIXENT is an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). If your healthcare provider decides that you or a caregiver can give DUPIXENT injections, you or your caregiver should receive training on the right way to prepare and inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to inject DUPIXENT until you have been shown the right way by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older, it is recommended that DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children younger than 12 years of age, DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver. Please see full Prescribing Information including Patient Information. About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for over 30 years by physician-scientists, our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to seven FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development, all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases, allergic and inflammatory diseases, cancer, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, pain, infectious diseases and rare diseases. Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite technologies, such as VelocImmune , which uses unique genetically-humanized mice to produce optimized fully-human antibodies and bispecific antibodies, and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center, which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world. For additional information about the company, please visit www.regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter. About SanofiSanofi is dedicated to supporting people through their health challenges. We are a global biopharmaceutical company focused on human health. We prevent illness with vaccines, provide innovative treatments to fight pain and ease suffering. We stand by the few who suffer from rare diseases and the millions with long-term chronic conditions. With more than 100,000 people in 100 countries, Sanofi is transforming scientific innovation into healthcare solutions around the globe. Sanofi, Empowering Life Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Regeneron" or the "Company"), and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "estimate," variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern, and these risks and uncertainties include, among others, the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron's business and its employees, collaborators, suppliers, and other third parties on which Regeneron relies, Regeneron's and its collaborators' ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs, Regeneron's ability to manage its supply chain, net product sales of products marketed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators (collectively, "Regeneron's Products"), and the global economy; the nature, timing, and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's product candidates and research and clinical programs now underway or planned, including without limitation Dupixent (dupilumab); uncertainty of market acceptance and commercial success of Regeneron's Products and product candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary) on the commercial success of Regeneron's Products and product candidates; the likelihood, timing, and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron's product candidates and new indications for Regeneron's Products, such as dupilumab for the treatment of pediatric asthma, pediatric atopic dermatitis, eosinophilic esophagitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, bullous pemphigoid, prurigo nodularis, chronic spontaneous urticaria, food and environmental allergies, and other potential indications; unforeseen safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and product candidates in patients, including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron's Products and product candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron's ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron's Products and product candidates; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron's Products, research and clinical programs, and business, including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) from third-party payers, including private payer healthcare and insurance programs, health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to Regeneron's Products and product candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators may lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials or therapeutic applications; the ability of Regeneron to manufacture and manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; the ability of Regeneron's collaborators, suppliers, or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing, filling, finishing, packaging, labeling, distribution, and other steps related to Regeneron's Products and product candidates; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing, producing, and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license or collaboration agreement, including Regeneron's agreements with Sanofi, Bayer, and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (or their respective affiliated companies, as applicable), to be cancelled or terminated without any further product success; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to Dupixent and Praluent (alirocumab)), other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations, the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations, and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron's business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management's current beliefs and judgment, and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including without limitation any financial projection or guidance, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company, including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron). Sanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product, or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words "expects", "anticipates", "believes", "intends", "estimates", "plans" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi, that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things, unexpected regulatory actions or delays, or government regulation generally, that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product, the fact that product may not be commercially successful, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product, including post marketing, unexpected safety, quality or manufacturing issues, competition in general, risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation, and volatile economic and market conditions, and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us, our customers, suppliers, vendors, and other business partners, and the financial condition of any one of them, as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi, including those listed under "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2019. Other than as required by applicable law, Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Regeneron Contacts: Media Relations Investor Relations Sharon Chen Mark Hudson Tel: +1 (914) 847-1546 Tel: +1 (914) 847-3482 [email protected] [email protected] Sanofi Contacts: Media Relations Investor Relations Nicolas Kressmann Felix Lauscher Tel.: +1 (732) 532-5318 Tel: +33 (0)1 53 77 45 45 [email protected] [email protected] SOURCE Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Related Links www.regeneron.com

Allegiance Bancshares, Inc. Announces Stock Repurchase Program HOUSTON, Feb. 27, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Allegiance Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: ABTX) ( Allegiance ), the holding company of Allegiance Bank, today announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program on February 26, 2020, under which Allegiance may repurchase up to one million shares of its outstanding common stock at the discretion of management through March 31, 2021. Repurchases under this program may be made from time to time through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or such other manners as will comply with applicable laws and regulations. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, market conditions and other corporate liquidity requirements and priorities. The repurchase program does not obligate Allegiance to purchase any particular number of shares and there is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares that will be repurchased by Allegiance. Allegiance may suspend, modify or terminate the program at any time and for any reason, without prior notice. On February 20, 2020, the Company completed its second one million share repurchase authorization previously approved on July 25, 2019. About Allegiance Bancshares, Inc. Allegiance is a Houston, Texas-based bank holding company. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Allegiance Bank, Allegiance provides a diversified range of commercial banking services primarily to small to medium-sized businesses and individual customers in the Houston region. Allegiance s super-community banking strategy was designed to foster strong customer relationships while benefiting from a platform and scale that is competitive with larger local and regional banks. Allegiance Bank operated 27 full-service banking locations in the Houston region, which we define as the Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land and Beaumont-Port Arthur metropolitan statistical areas, with 26 bank offices and one loan production office in the Houston metropolitan area and one bank office location in Beaumont, just outside of the Houston metropolitan area. Visit www.allegiancebank.com for more information. Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 This release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws that are based on various facts and derived utilizing important assumptions, present expectations, estimates and projections about Allegiance and its subsidiaries. Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words believes, expects, continues, anticipates, intends, projects, estimates, potential, plans and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, should, would, may and could are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts, although not all forward-looking statements include the foregoing words. Forward-looking statements include information concerning Allegiance s future financial performance, business and growth strategy, projected plans and objectives, as well as projections of macroeconomic and industry trends, which are inherently unreliable due to the multiple factors that impact economic trends, and any such variations may be material. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of Allegiance s control, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to whether Allegiance can: continue to develop and maintain new and existing customer and community relationships; successfully implement its growth strategy, including identifying suitable acquisition targets and integrating the businesses of acquired companies and banks; sustain its current internal growth rate; provide quality and competitive products and services that appeal to its customers; continue to have access to debt and equity capital markets; and achieve its performance objectives. These and various other risk factors are discussed in Allegiance s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and in other reports and statements Allegiance has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of such filings are available for download free of charge from the Investor Relations section of Allegiance s website at www.allegiancebank.com, under Financial Information, SEC Filings. Any forward-looking statement made by Allegiance in this release speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause Allegiance s actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Allegiance to predict all of them. Allegiance undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

BEST Inc. Announces US$100 Million Share Repurchase Program HANGZHOU, China, Nov. 13, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- BEST Inc. (NYSE: BEST) ("BEST" or the "Company"), a leading integrated smart supply chain solutions and logistics services provider in China, today announced that the board of directors of the Company has authorized a share repurchase program whereby BEST may repurchase up to US$100 million worth of its outstanding American depositary shares ("ADSs") from time to time during the next 18 months. Mr. Johnny Chou, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BEST, commented, "This share repurchase program demonstrates our confidence in BEST's long-term business prospect and ability to deliver sustainable growth and solid operating fundamentals. As our supply chain and logistics businesses continue to benefit from an economic transformation toward digital commerce, we believe our integrated business model and robust technology will enable us to capture market opportunities and create value for our shareholders in the future." The Company's proposed repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, in block trades and/or through other legally permissible means, depending on market conditions, the trading price of the Company's ADSs and other factors, and in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. The Company's board of directors will review the share repurchase program periodically, and may authorize adjustment of its terms and size. The Company plans to fund repurchases from its existing cash balance. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates" and similar statements. Among other things, the business outlook and quotations from management in this announcement contain forward-looking statements. BEST may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its periodic reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), in its annual report to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about BEST's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, including but not limited to the following: BEST's goals and strategies; BEST's future business development, results of operations and financial condition; BEST 's ability to maintain and enhance its ecosystem; BEST 's ability to continue to innovate, meet evolving market trends, adapt to changing customer demands and maintain its culture of innovation; and fluctuations in general economic and business conditions in China and assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing. Further information regarding these and other risks is included in BEST's filings with the SEC. All information provided in this press release and in the attachments is as of the date of this press release, and BEST does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required under applicable law. ABOUT BEST INC. BEST Inc. (NYSE: BEST) is a leading integrated smart supply chain solutions and logistics services provider in China. Through its proprietary technology platform and extensive networks, BEST offers a comprehensive set of logistics and value-add services, including express and freight delivery, supply chain management and last-mile services, truckload service brokerage, international logistics and financial services. BEST's mission is to empower business and enrich life by leveraging technology and business model innovation to create a smarter, more efficient supply chain. For more information, please visit: http://www.best-inc.com/en/. SOURCE BEST Inc. Related Links http://www.best-inc.com/en/

GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. to be Acquired by INTL FCStone Inc. for $6.00 Per Share in Cash BEDMINSTER, N.J., Feb. 27, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: GCAP) ("GAIN" or the "Company") today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by INTL FCStone Inc. (NASDAQ: INTL) ("INTL FCStone"). Under the terms of the agreement, INTL FCStone will acquire the Company in an all-cash transaction. The Company's stockholders will receive $6.00 per share, representing approximately $236 million in equity value. "GAIN's business fits naturally within INTL FCStone's diversified and scaled franchise, and our shareholders will benefit from this combination by receiving a substantial premium in an all-cash transaction. GAIN was founded over 20 years ago with the intention of providing traders with low-cost access to foreign exchange markets. By joining INTL, we see an incredible opportunity to leverage their capabilities and ecosystem of products, and to deliver an even more comprehensive offering to our customers. Bringing together GAIN's expertise in serving the retail customer and INTL's unparalleled access to the financial markets creates an exciting value proposition and enables the combined group to serve a wider range of customers," commented Glenn Stevens, Chief Executive Officer of GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. "After a thorough evaluation of the options available, the Board of Directors is confident that this transaction will provide a significant opportunity for our stockholders to realize value for their shares while providing the best path forward for GAIN's business, employees and customers," said Mr. Stevens. The transaction represents a 70 percent premium to the closing share price of the Company's shares on February 26, 2020 and a 60 percent premium to the volume-weighted average price of the Company's stock in the 30 trading days ending on February 26, 2020. The transaction is the result of a comprehensive strategic alternatives review process taken by the Company's Board of Directors. The transaction has been approved by GAIN's Board of Directors. In addition, VantagePoint Capital Partners, Michael Spencer's private investment group IPGL and Glenn Stevens, representing in aggregate approximately 44% of GAIN's stockholders, have entered into agreements to vote in favor of the transaction. The transaction is expected to be completed in mid-2020, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Sean O'Connor, CEO of INTL FCStone, commented on the transaction, "As a result of this combination, GAIN's customers will benefit from a richer product offering as well as the expanded resources and greater scale of the combined firm. INTL FCStone, in turn, will add a new digital platform to its global financial network, significantly expanding its offering to retail clients, as well as a complementary futures business." GCA Advisors LLC acted as exclusive financial advisor and Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP acted as legal advisor to GAIN. Jefferies LLC acted as financial advisor and DLA Piper acted as legal advisor to INTL FCStone. About GAIN GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. provides innovative trading technology and execution services to retail and institutional investors worldwide, with multiple access points to OTC markets and global exchanges across a wide range of asset classes, including foreign exchange, commodities, and global equities. GAIN Capital is headquartered in Bedminster, New Jersey, with a global presence across North America, Europe and the Asia Pacific regions. For further company information, visit www.gaincapital.com. About INTL FCStone INTL FCStone Inc. connects its clients with the global markets across asset classes - providing execution, post-trade settlement, clearing and custody. Clients use its digital platforms, market intelligence and high-touch service to manage their market risk, pursue trading opportunities, make investments efficiently, and improve their business performance. Further information on INTL FCStone is available at www.intlfcstone.com. Important Information For Stockholders Participants in the Solicitation GAIN and its directors and certain of its executive officers may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies from GAIN's stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of GAIN is set forth in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, which was filed with the SEC on March 11, 2019 and its proxy statement for its 2019 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 30, 2019. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Additional information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitations and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the proxy statement and other relevant materials in connection with the transaction to be filed with the SEC when they become available. Additional Information about the Proposed Transaction and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed transaction, GAIN will file a proxy statement on Schedule 14A with the SEC. Additionally, GAIN plans to file other relevant materials with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. This material is not a substitute for the proxy statement or any other document which GAIN may file with the SEC. The definitive proxy statement will be sent or given to the stockholders of GAIN and will contain important information about the proposed transaction and related matters. INVESTORS IN AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF GAIN ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT ARE FILED OR FURNISHED OR WILL BE FILED OR WILL BE FURNISHED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE TRANSACTION, RELATED MATTERS AND THE PARTIES TO THE TRANSACTION. The materials to be filed by GAIN with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or in the "Investor Relations" section of GAIN's website at www.gaincapital.com. SOURCE GAIN Capital Holdings Inc. Related Links http://www.gaincapital.com

Kaixin Auto Holdings Announces Filing of Annual Report on Form 20-F BEIJING, July 10, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kaixin Auto Holdings ("Kaixin" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: KXIN), one of the primary dealership networks in the premium used car segment in China, today announced the filing of its annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2019 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The annual report was filed with the SEC on July 10, 2020. The annual report on Form 20-F, which contains the Company's audited consolidated financial statements, can be accessed on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov as well as through the investor relations section of the Company's website at http:/ir.kaixin.com. About Kaixin Auto Holdings Kaixin Auto Holdings is one of the primary dealership networks in the premium used car segment in China. Supported by the rapid growth of China's used car market and leveraging its own hybrid business model that offers both strong online and offline presence, Kaixin has transformed from a tech-enabled financing platform into a nationwide dealer network that combines its own and affiliated dealers as well as value-added services. For more information, please contact: Kaixin Auto Holdings Randall Xu Tel: (86 10) 8448 1818 ext. 2960 Email: randall.xu@renren-inc.com SOURCE: Kaixin Auto Holdings

Safe Bulkers, Inc. Announces Results of 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders MONACO, Aug. 03, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Safe Bulkers, Inc. (the Company ) (NYSE: SB), an international provider of marine drybulk transportation services, announced the election of two Class III directors at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders held in Greece today. Frank Sica and Konstantinos Adamopoulos were elected Class III directors. The Class III directors were elected to hold office for a term ending at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2023 and until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified. Stockholders also (i) ratified the appointment of Deloitte, Certified Public Accountants S.A. as the Company s independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020, (ii) granted discretionary authority to the Company s board of directors to effect one or more reverse stock splits of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, at ratios within the range from 1-for-2 up to 1-for-5 in the aggregate and (iii) approved the adoption of an equity compensation plan for the independent directors of the Company. About Safe Bulkers, Inc. The Company is an international provider of marine drybulk transportation services, transporting bulk cargoes, particularly coal, grain and iron ore, along worldwide shipping routes for some of the world s largest users of marine drybulk transportation services. The Company's common stock, Series C and Series D preferred stock is listed on the NYSE, where it trades under the symbols SB , SB.PR.C and SB.PR.D , respectively. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements (as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and in the Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) concerning future events, the Company s growth strategy and measures to implement such strategy, including expected vessel acquisitions and entering into further time charters. Words such as expects, intends, plans, believes, anticipates, hopes, estimates and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, no assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to have been correct. These statements involve known and unknown risks and are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates which are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, changes in the demand for drybulk vessels, competitive factors in the market in which the Company operates, risks associated with operations outside the United States and other factors listed from time to time in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company s expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based. For further information please contact: Company Contact: Dr. Loukas Barmparis President Safe Bulkers, Inc. Tel.: +30 2 111 888 400 +357 25 887 200 E-Mail: directors@safebulkers.com

Black Knight Announces Three-Year 10 Million Share Repurchase Program JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Feb. 13, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Black Knight, Inc. (NYSE: BKI), a leading provider of software, data and analytics solutions to the mortgage and consumer loan, real estate and capital markets verticals, announced today that its Board of Directors has authorized a three-year share repurchase program, effective February 12, 2020, under which the Company may repurchase up to 10 million shares of its outstanding common stock. The timing and volume of share repurchases will be determined by the Company's management based on its ongoing assessments of the capital needs of the business, the market price of its common stock and general market conditions. The repurchase program authorizes the Company to purchase shares of its outstanding common stock from time to time through February 12, 2023, through open market purchases, unsolicited or solicited privately negotiated transactions. About Black Knight Black Knight (NYSE:BKI) is a leading provider of integrated software, data and analytics solutions that facilitate and automate many of the business processes across the homeownership lifecycle. As a leading fintech, Black Knight is committed to being a premier business partner that clients rely on to achieve their strategic goals, realize greater success and better serve their customers by delivering best-in-class software, services and insights with a relentless commitment to excellence, innovation, integrity and leadership. For more information on Black Knight, please visit www.blackknightinc.com. Information for Investors: Information for Media: Steve Eagerton Michelle Kersch Black Knight Black Knight 904.854.3683 904.854.5043 [email protected] [email protected] SOURCE Black Knight, Inc. Related Links www.blackknightinc.com

EchoStar Acquires Helios Wire Corporation Acquisition includes Helios owned Sirion Global, further enabling EchoStar to develop S band IoT services ENGLEWOOD, Colo., Oct. 25, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- EchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ:SATS) ("EchoStar") today announced that its subsidiary, EchoStar Global L.L.C. has acquired Helios Wire Corporation ("Helios"), a satellite-enabled IoT connectivity company headquartered in Vancouver, Canada. The acquisition includes Helios' Australian subsidiaries Sirion Holdings Pty Ltd. and Sirion Global Pty Ltd. ("Sirion Global"). Sirion Global holds global spectrum rights for S-band Mobile Satellite Service (MSS), administered by Australia, and has been working to develop solutions for high volume asset tracking and monitoring applications by satellite. "This acquisition advances our strategy and further lays the foundation for a global S-band solution for the future," said Anders Johnson, Chief Strategy Officer, EchoStar. "Our aim is to develop S-band technologies that will dramatically reduce the cost of satellite IoT, including machine-to-machine (M2M) communications, public protection and disaster relief (PPDR) and other end-to-end services worldwide." Johnson continued: "Over time, EchoStar products and services will be integrated into the new global, hybrid networks that leverage multiple satellites and terrestrial technologies. This acquisition of Helios and Sirion Global positions us closer to realizing that vision." "Helios' shareholders are pleased to have concluded the sale of Helios and the Sirion subsidiaries to EchoStar," said Raghu Das, co-founder and Chief Operating Officer, Helios. "EchoStar has a wealth of S-band experience in the United States and Europe and is the perfect operator to take this project forward and accelerate the build-out of the Sirion constellation and deployment of global IoT services." "We are confident that the transaction will provide economic and communications benefits to Australia, Sirion's home jurisdiction, and around the world," said Peter Ruderman, co-founder of Helios. "We thank the Australia Communications and Media Authority and other Australian authorities for the support they have given Sirion over many years." The acquisition occurred by way of a court approved plan of arrangement under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia). About EchoStarEchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ: SATS) is a premier global provider of satellite communication solutions. Headquartered in Englewood, Colo., and conducting business around the globe, EchoStar is a pioneer in secure communications technologies through its Hughes Network Systems and EchoStar Satellite Services business segments. For more information, visit www.echostar.com. Follow @EchoStar on Twitter. Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 This press release may contain statements that are forward looking, as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. When used in this release, the words "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "project," "plans," and similar expressions and the use of future dates are intended to identify forward looking statements. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in these forward looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. The forward looking statements may include those regarding any matter set forth in this document or any of the exhibits incorporated herein. These forward looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in any such forward looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the possibility that a transaction will not be completed, failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to satisfy any of the other conditions to a potential transaction, adverse effects on the market price of DISH's common stock, adverse effects on the market price of EchoStar's common stock and on EchoStar's operating results for any reason, including, without limitation, because of a failure to complete a transaction, failure to realize the expected benefits of a transaction, significant transaction costs and/or unknown liabilities, any lawsuits filed in connection with a transaction and general economic and business conditions that affect EchoStar or DISH following the transaction. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. For additional information on these and other factors that could affect EchoStar's forward looking statements, see EchoStar's filings with the SEC, including EchoStar's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other documents EchoStar files with the SEC from time to time. The forward looking statements speak only as of the date made, and EchoStar expressly disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. SOURCE EchoStar Corporation Related Links http://www.EchoStar.com

Annaly Capital Management, Inc. Announces Share Repurchase Program of $1.5 Billion NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NYSE:NLY) ( Annaly or the Company ) today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $1.5 billion of its outstanding shares of common stock through December 31, 2020. Purchases made pursuant to the program will be made in either the open market or in privately negotiated transactions from time to time as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will be subject to economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The authorization does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock and the program may be suspended or discontinued at the Company s discretion without prior notice. About Annaly Annaly is a leading diversified capital manager that invests in and finances residential and commercial assets. Annaly s principal business objective is to generate net income for distribution to its stockholders and to preserve capital through prudent selection of investments and continuous management of its portfolio. Annaly has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for federal income tax purposes. Annaly is externally managed by Annaly Management Company LLC. Additional information on the company can be found at www.annaly.com. Forward-Looking Statements This news release and our public documents to which we refer contain or incorporate by reference certain forward-looking statements which are based on various assumptions (some of which are beyond our control) and may be identified by reference to a future period or periods or by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as "may," "will," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "continue," or similar terms or variations on those terms or the negative of those terms. Actual results could differ materially from those set forth in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates; changes in the yield curve; changes in prepayment rates; the availability of mortgage-backed securities and other securities for purchase; the availability of financing and, if available, the terms of any financings; changes in the market value of our assets; changes in business conditions and the general economy; our ability to grow our commercial real estate business; our ability to grow our residential credit business; our ability to grow our middle market lending business; credit risks related to our investments in credit risk transfer securities, residential mortgage-backed securities and related residential mortgage credit assets, commercial real estate assets and corporate debt; risks related to investments in mortgage servicing rights; our ability to consummate any contemplated investment opportunities; changes in government regulations or policy affecting our business; our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and our ability to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see "Risk Factors" in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. We do not undertake, and specifically disclaim any obligation, to publicly release the result of any revisions which may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statements, except as required by law.

S&P Global Platts Acquires Canadian Enerdata Ltd. to Expand its Natural Gas Offering in Canada NEW YORK, Sept. 3, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- S&P Global Platts ("Platts"), the leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodities and energy markets, today announced it has acquired Canadian Enerdata Ltd. ("Enerdata"), an independent provider of energy data and information in Canada, to further enhance its North American natural gas offering. Founded in 1984 and based outside Toronto, Enerdata provides benchmark prices, news and analysis on the Canadian natural gas market. Its main product is the Canadian Gas Price Reporter (CGPR), which acts as the settlement publication for various Canadian daily and monthly physical, financial and basis natural gas contracts. Enerdata is the exclusive publisher of ICE NGX natural gas indexes, including the AB-NIT ("AECO") hub in Alberta, Canada, one of the most liquid trading hubs for natural gas in North America. Martin Fraenkel, president of S&P Global Platts, said: "Canadian Enerdata Ltd. is a service of record for Canada's natural gas pricing and will extend S&P Global Platts' market insight in Canada, building on our strong benchmark position in the US market. Not only does Enerdata complement our existing pricing and analytics offerings, but as the exclusive publisher of Canadian benchmark ICE NGX indices, it increases the transparency and risk management tools available to our customers." Richard Zarzeczny, founder and president, Canadian Enerdata Ltd., said: "We are pleased to join S&P Global Platts and are excited about the opportunities to provide enhanced benchmark data and information services to both our customers and those of Platts, as part of a broader North American natural gas service. Leveraging S&P Global Platts resources will create an even more compelling offering for our customers, who will benefit directly from Platts customer-facing teams and its wide-ranging pricing, news, and analytics offerings." Platts price references in natural gas have been recognized by the marketplace and industry as the North American benchmarks for approximately 30 years. About S&P Global PlattsAt S&P Global Platts, we provide the insights; you make better-informed trading and business decisions with confidence. We're the leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodities and energy markets. Customers in over 150 countries look to our expertise in news, pricing and analytics to deliver greater transparency and efficiency to markets. S&P Global Platts coverage includes oil and gas, power, petrochemicals, metals, agriculture and shipping. S&P Global Platts is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI), which provides essential intelligence for individuals, companies and governments to make decisions with confidence. For more information, visit www.platts.com. ContactAt S&P Global Platts: Kathleen Tanzy, + 1 917 331 4607, [email protected] SOURCE S&P Global Platts Related Links http://www.platts.com

Philips to repurchase up to 6 million shares to cover long-term incentive and employee stock purchase plans January 29, 2020 Amsterdam, the Netherlands Royal Philips (NYSE: PHG, AEX: PHIA) today announced that it will repurchase up to 6 million shares to cover certain of its obligations arising from its long-term incentive and employee stock purchase plans. At the current share price, the shares represent an amount of up to approximately EUR 260 million. The repurchases will be executed through one or more individual forward transactions, to be entered into in the course of the first half of 2020, in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation and within the limits of the authorization granted by the company s General Meeting of Shareholders on May 9, 2019. Further details will be available via this link . Philips will hold the repurchased shares in treasury until the shares are to be delivered. Periodic update on transaction details related to Philips share repurchases Philips is also conducting a EUR 1.5 billion repurchase program for capital reduction purposes, which was announced on January 29, 2019. Under this program, a total of 194,991 of its own common shares were repurchased in the period from January 24, 2020 up to and including January 27, 2020, with a weighted average purchase price of EUR 45.14. Further details can be found via this link . For further information, please contact: Ben Zwirs Philips Global Press Office Tel.: +31 6 15213446 E-mail: ben.zwirs@philips.com Leandro Mazzoni Philips Investor Relations Tel.: +31 20 59 77222 E-mail: leandro.mazzoni@philips.com About Royal Philips Royal Philips (NYSE: PHG, AEX: PHIA) is a leading health technology company focused on improving people's health and enabling better outcomes across the health continuum from healthy living and prevention, to diagnosis, treatment and home care. Philips leverages advanced technology and deep clinical and consumer insights to deliver integrated solutions. Headquartered in the Netherlands, the company is a leader in diagnostic imaging, image-guided therapy, patient monitoring and health informatics, as well as in consumer health and home care. Philips' health technology portfolio generated 2019 sales of EUR 19.5 billion and employs approximately 80,000 employees with sales and services in more than 100 countries. News about Philips can be found at www.philips.com/newscenter . Forward-looking statements This release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business of Philips and certain of the plans and objectives of Philips with respect to these items. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements made about the strategy, estimates of sales growth, future EBITA, future developments in Philips organic business and the completion of acquisitions and divestments. By their nature, these statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances and there are many factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements.

AMPH Press Release: Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Receives FDA ... Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Receives FDA Approval for Epinephrine Injection, USP 30mg/30mL (1mg/mL) Multiple Dose Vial Globe Newswire 27-Apr-2020 6:00 AM RANCHO CUCAMONGA, Calif., April 27, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc., (NASDAQ:AMPH) ("Amphastar"), today announces that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") has granted approval of its Abbreviated New Drug Application ("ANDA") for Epinephrine Injection, USP 30mg/30mL (1mg/mL) Multiple Dose Vial. Amphastar's newly approved drug product was determined by the FDA to be therapeutically equivalent to Adrenalin (Epinephrine Injection, USP 30mg/30mL (1mg/mL) Multiple Dose Vial) distributed in the United States by Par Pharmaceutical, Inc. Epinephrine Injection Multiple Dose Vial is for intramuscular, subcutaneous, and intravenous use, and is indicated for emergency treatment of allergic reactions (Type 1), including anaphylaxis, and to increase mean arterial blood pressure in adult patients with hypotension associated with septic shock.

Quidel Receives FDA Clearance for Its Point-of-Care Sofia Lyme Fluorescent Immunoassay for Use with Sofia 2 Instrument SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Quidel Corporation (NASDAQ: QDEL) ( Quidel ), a provider of rapid diagnostic testing solutions, cellular-based virology assays and molecular diagnostic systems, announced today that it has received 510(k) clearance from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to market its Sofia Lyme FIA to be used with the Sofia 2 Fluorescent Immunoassay Analyzer for the rapid differential detection of human IgM and IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi from serum and plasma specimens from patients suspected of B. burgdorferi infection. The test is intended for use with either the Sofia or Sofia 2 analyzer to aid in the diagnosis of Lyme disease. Sofia 2 is Quidel s next-generation version of its best-selling Sofia instrumented system. Sofia 2 utilizes the original Sofia s fluorescent chemistry design while improving upon the graphical user interface and optics system to provide an accurate, automated and objective result in as few as 3 minutes. Sofia 2 also integrates wireless connectivity and its barcode scanner within a smaller footprint than the legacy Sofia instrument. The next-generation Sofia system also comes connected to Virena , Quidel s data management system, which provides aggregated, de-identified testing data in near real-time. Lyme disease is the most common tickborne disease in North America and Europe1. In the United States, Lyme disease is caused by the bacterium, Borrelia burgdorferi, transmitted through the bite of an infected blacklegged tick1,2. Patients infected with B. burgdorferi may experience symptoms associated with three stages: early localized disease, early disseminated disease, and late persistent disease1. The most characteristic symptom of early localized disease is the appearance of erythema migrans (EM) on the skin1,3. EM may also be accompanied by flu-like symptoms days or weeks after infection3. In the second stage, early disseminated disease, untreated patients may begin to see neurological and rheumatological manifestations, and less commonly, dermatological, cardiac, or ophthalmological manifestations. These symptoms generally appear weeks to months after infection1. If the disease continues to be left untreated, late persistent disease may also follow months or years later with continued progression of manifestations in the joints, heart, skin, and nervous system2,3. Early detection and treatment of Lyme disease can help resolve symptoms and prevent progression of the disease1. The primary means of identifying B. burgdorferi infection is detection of the body s IgM and IgG antibody response by way of immunoassay3. Detection of IgM antibodies to B. burgdorferi is generally most significant in the earlier stages of the disease. Conversely, detection of IgG antibodies has proven to be significant for longer periods, as the antibodies may remain detectable years after infection. The Sofia Lyme Assay s 510(k) clearance for use on the Sofia 2 instrument will allow healthcare workers to generate a faster result, thereby accelerating the diagnosis and potential treatment of Lyme Disease for the patient. This is another example of our ability to provide simple, cost-effective solutions for physician offices and hospitals that previously had to wait several days for send-out Lyme results, said Douglas Bryant, president and chief executive officer of Quidel Corporation. We expect that this new product introduction will increase the utilization of our Sofia 2 platform, and could create incremental instrument placement opportunities in the near to medium term. The Sofia Lyme Assay was previously 510(k) cleared for use on the Sofia instrument. This new 510(k) clearance allows the assay to also be run on the Sofia 2 instrument. The Sofia Lyme Assay is the fourth 510(k) cleared Sofia test for use on the Sofia 2 system: the Sofia Influenza A+B Assay, the Sofia RSV Assay, and the Sofia Strep A+ Assay were 510(k) cleared and CLIA waived by the FDA in 2017. About Quidel Corporation Quidel Corporation serves to enhance the health and well-being of people around the globe through the development of diagnostic solutions that can lead to improved patient outcomes and provide economic benefits to the healthcare system. Marketed under the Sofia , QuickVue , D3 Direct Detection, Thyretain , Triage and InflammaDry leading brand names, as well as under the new Solana , AmpliVue and Lyra molecular diagnostic brands, Quidel s products aid in the detection and diagnosis of many critical diseases and conditions, including, among others, influenza, respiratory syncytial virus, Strep A, herpes, pregnancy, thyroid disease and fecal occult blood. Quidel's recently acquired Triage system of tests comprises a comprehensive test menu that provides rapid, cost-effective treatment decisions at the point-of-care (POC), offering a diverse immunoassay menu in a variety of tests to provide healthcare providers with diagnostic answers for quantitative BNP, CK-MB, d-dimer, myoglobin, troponin I and qualitative TOX Drug Screen. Quidel s research and development engine is also developing a continuum of diagnostic solutions from advanced immunoassay to molecular diagnostic tests to further improve the quality of healthcare in physicians offices and hospital and reference laboratories. For more information about Quidel s comprehensive product portfolio, visit quidel.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that involve material risks, assumptions and uncertainties. Many possible events or factors could affect our future financial results and performance, such that our actual results and performance may differ materially from those that may be described or implied in the forward-looking statements. As such, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Differences in actual results and performance may arise as a result of a number of factors including, without limitation, fluctuations in our operating results resulting from seasonality, the timing of the onset, length and severity of cold and flu seasons, government and media attention focused on influenza and the related potential impact on humans from novel influenza viruses, adverse changes in competitive conditions in domestic and international markets, changes in sales levels as it relates to the absorption of our fixed costs, lower than anticipated market penetration of our products, the reimbursement system currently in place and future changes to that system, changes in economic conditions in our domestic and international markets, the quantity of our product in our distributors inventory or distribution channels, changes in the buying patterns of our distributors, and changes in the healthcare market and consolidation of our customer base; our development and protection of intellectual property; our development of new technologies, products and markets; our reliance on a limited number of key distributors; our reliance on sales of our influenza diagnostics tests; our ability to manage our growth strategy; our ability to integrate companies or technologies we have acquired or may acquire, including integration and transition risks, the ability to achieve anticipated financial results and synergies, and effects of disruptions or threatened disruptions to our relationships, or those of the acquired businesses, with distributors, suppliers, customers and employees; intellectual property risks, including but not limited to, infringement litigation; our debt service requirements; our inability to settle conversions of our Convertible Senior Notes in cash; the effect on our operating results from the trigger of the conditional conversion feature of our Convertible Senior Notes; the possibility that we may incur additional indebtedness; our need for additional funds to finance our operating needs; volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets; acceptance of our products among physicians and other healthcare providers; competition with other providers of diagnostic products; adverse actions or delays in new product reviews or related to currently-marketed products by the FDA or any loss of previously received regulatory approvals or clearances; changes in government policies; compliance with other government regulations, such as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazard and disposal of hazardous substances; third-party reimbursement policies; our ability to meet demand for our products; interruptions in our supply of raw materials; product defects; business risks not covered by insurance and exposure to other litigation claims; interruption to our computer systems; competition for and loss of management and key personnel; international risks, including but not limited to, compliance with product registration requirements, exposure to currency exchange fluctuations and foreign currency exchange risk sharing arrangements, longer payment cycles, lower selling prices and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable, reduced protection of intellectual property rights, political and economic instability, taxes, and diversion of lower priced international products into U.S. markets; dilution resulting from future sales of our equity; volatility in our stock price; provisions in our charter documents, Delaware law and our Convertible Senior Notes that might delay or impede stockholder actions with respect to business combinations or similar transactions; and our intention of not paying dividends. Forward-looking statements typically are identified by the use of terms such as may, will, should, might, expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, intend, goal, project, strategy, future, and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. The risks described in reports and registration statements that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) from time to time, should be carefully considered. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management s analysis only as of the date of this press release. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly release the results of any revision or update of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Grifols Procleix Panther System with Automation Ready Technology (ART) receives FDA Approval ART enables greater workflow efficiency and lean sample management, supporting laboratories' path towards total automation The Procleix Panther System featuring ART improves system usability, increases operator walk away time, and allows laboratories to select efficient configurations for current or future blood donor screening automation needs The Grifols ART program is a cross platform, long term research and development initiative to enable ongoing advancements in laboratory workflow optimization BARCELONA, Spain, May 7, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Grifols (MCE: GRF, MCE: GRF.P andNASDAQ: GRFS), a leading global producer of plasma-derived medicines and a leader in the development of innovative diagnostic solutions, today announced that it has received FDA approval for the Procleix Panther System featuring ART for use with the following U.S. licensed products: Procleix Ultrio Elite Assay, Procleix WNV Assay, Procleix Zika Virus Assay and the Procleix Babesia Assay. Built on the success of the Procleix Panther System, ART technology features significant hardware and software improvements that support blood-banking operations of all sizes, such as instrument networkability and information sharing. ART supports laboratory efforts to reach complete sample automation. It offers increased control over workflow and personnel utilization, from standard processes to the more complex. It also enables simplified user management through the connection of multiple instruments to a track system for automated sample handling. The Procleix Panther System featuring ART is expected to reinforce the company's leadership in this market segment. It has been available since October 2019 in all markets accepting the CE-mark. "The FDA approval provides another important recognition for Grifols and its commitment to offer innovative solutions to our U.S. customers, especially during these trying times where increased automation may allow key laboratory personnel to be allocated to other priority tasks," said Carsten Schroeder, President and CEO, Grifols Diagnostic Solutions Inc. "As market leaders in the donor screening segment, Grifols will continue to partner with blood banks worldwide as part of our mission to improve patient well-being and blood safety." About the Procleix Panther System The Procleix Panther System automates all aspects of NAT (Nucleic Acid Technology)-based blood screening on a single, integrated platform, and is capable of delivering the highest result throughput per square meter. It eliminates the need for batch processing and combines walk-away freedom with intuitive design for ease of use. ART technology enhancements further increase the system's versatility, offering customizable options and more on-demand features to fit the evolving needs and budgets of blood banks worldwide. About Procleix NAT Solutions Today, Procleix systems are used to screen more blood donations around the world than any other NAT blood screening products, and include tests for HIV, hepatitis viruses (A, B, C and E), West Nile virus, SARS-CoV-2*, Zika virus, Dengue virus, Babesia, and more. About Grifols Grifols is a global healthcare company founded in Barcelona in 1909 committed to improving the health and well-being of people around the world. Its four divisions Bioscience, Diagnostic, Hospital and Bio Supplies develop, produce and market innovative solutions and services that are sold in more than 100 countries. Pioneers in the plasma industry, Grifols operates a growing network of donation centers worldwide. It transforms collected plasma into essential medicines to treat rare, chronic and, at times, life-threatening conditions. As a recognized leader in transfusion medicine, Grifols also offers a comprehensive portfolio of solutions designed to enhance safety from donation to transfusion. In addition, the company supplies tools, information and services that enable hospitals, pharmacies and healthcare professionals to efficiently deliver expert medical care. Grifols, with more than 24,000 employees in 30 countries, is committed to a sustainable business model that sets the standard for continuous innovation, quality, safety and ethical leadership. In 2019, Grifols' economic impact in its core countries of operation was 8.5 billion euros. The company also generated 148,000 jobs, including indirect and induced. The company's class A shares are listed on the Spanish Stock Exchange, where they are part of the Ibex-35 (MCE:GRF). Grifols non-voting class B shares are listed on the Mercado Continuo (MCE:GRF.P) and on the U.S. NASDAQ through ADRs (NASDAQ:GRFS). For more information, please visit www.grifols.com Product registration and availability vary by country. Procleix is a registered trademark of Grifols Worldwide Operations Limited. Panther is a registered trademark of Hologic, Inc. *in development. Performance characteristics have not been established SOURCE Grifols, SA

VistaGen Therapeutics Announces Common Stock Purchase Agreement for up to $10.25 Million SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., March 25, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- VistaGen Therapeutics (NASDAQ: VTGN), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing new generation medicines for anxiety, depression and central nervous system (CNS) diseases and disorders with high unmet medical need, today announced a common stock purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (LPC), a Chicago-based institutional investor, providing for up to $10.25 million. Under the agreement, at the Company's request, LPC made an initial purchase of $250,000 of VistaGen's common stock at $0.50 per share, representing a 33% premium to the previous day's closing price. Going forward, subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement, VistaGen will have the option, but not any obligation, to sell to LPC up to an additional $10.0 million of its common stock over the next 24 months. VistaGen plans to use proceeds from the initial sale of common stock and subsequent sales under the agreement, if any, for general corporate purposes, including ongoing preparation for Phase 3 clinical development of PH94B neuroactive nasal spray for on-demand treatment of social anxiety disorder (SAD), and working capital. "We are pleased to enter into this new financing agreement with Lincoln Park Capital, which has been a very supportive investor of VistaGen for many years. The agreement can provide flexible access to capital, at our discretion, to advance our anxiety and depression programs," stated Shawn Singh, Chief Executive Officer of VistaGen. Mr. Singh continued, "The current COVID-19 pandemic has brought about worrisome fear, anxiety, depression and other endemic psychiatric conditions. Our team continues to push through this period with even greater determination and motivation to accomplish our core long-term and lasting goals focused on helping the millions of people worldwide who suffer with mental health challenges, especially in trying times such as these." After a registration statement relating to the transaction is filed with and declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), VistaGen, at its sole discretion, will control the timing and amount of future sales of its common stock to LPC. LPC has no right to require any additional shares of common stock from VistaGen and LPC will be obligated to make purchases according to VistaGen's direction. There are no upper limits to the price LPC may be required pay to purchase common stock from VistaGen and the purchase price of the shares will be based on the prevailing market prices of VistaGen's shares of common stock at the time of each sale. LPC has agreed not to cause, or engage in any manner whatsoever, in any direct or indirect short selling or hedging of VistaGen's common stock. There are no limitations on the use of proceeds, and LPC has no rights of first refusal or participation rights. In consideration for entering into the purchase agreement, VistaGen has issued shares of common stock to LPC as a commitment fee. VistaGen maintains the right to terminate the agreement at any time, at its sole discretion, without any additional cost or penalty. A description of the common stock purchase agreement and related registration rights agreement is set forth in VistaGen's Current Report on Form 8-K filed today with the SEC. No financial advisory fees were paid, nor will any such fees be paid in the future, in connection with any transaction under the agreement. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state. About VistaGenVistaGen Therapeutics is a multi-asset, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing new generation medicines for anxiety, depression and other CNS-related diseases and disorders where current treatments are inadequate, resulting in high unmet need. VistaGen's pipeline is focused on clinical-stage CNS drug candidates with a differentiated mechanism of action, an exceptional safety profile, and therapeutic potential in multiple CNS markets. For more information, please visit www.vistagen.com and connect with VistaGen on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook. About Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (LPC)LPC is a long-only institutional investor headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. LPC's experienced professionals manage a portfolio of investments in public and private entities. These investments are in a wide range of companies and industries emphasizing life sciences and technology. LPC's investments range from multi-year financial commitments to fund growth to special situation financings to long-term strategic capital offering companies' flexibility and consistency. For more information, please visit www.lpcfunds.com. Forward-Looking StatementsThis release contains various statements concerning VistaGen's future expectations, plans and prospects, including without limitation, our expectations regarding access to working capital and development and commercialization of our CNS drug candidates. In addition, statements concerning the Company's future expectations may include statements regarding intellectual property and commercial protection of each of our drug candidates. Each of these statements constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are neither promises nor guarantees of future performance and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in these forward-looking statements. Those risks include the following: (i) we may encounter unexpected adverse events in patients during our clinical development of any product candidate that cause us to discontinue further development; (ii) we may not be able to successfully demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates at each stage of clinical development; (iii) success in preclinical studies or in early-stage clinical studies may not be repeated or observed future studies, and ongoing or future preclinical and clinical results may not support further development of, or be sufficient to gain regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates; (iv) decisions or actions of regulatory agencies may negatively affect the progress of, and our ability to proceed with, further clinical studies or to obtain marketing approval for our drug candidates; (v) we may not be able to obtain or maintain adequate intellectual property protection and other forms of marketing and data exclusivity for our product candidates; (vi) we may not have access to or be able to secure substantial additional capital under the common stock purchase agreement with LPC or otherwise, to support our operations, including our ongoing nonclinical and clinical development activities; and (vii) we may encounter technical and other unexpected hurdles in the manufacturing and development of any of our product candidates. Certain other risks are more fully discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in our other filings with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of the issuance of this release and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We explicitly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. SOURCE VistaGen Therapeutics Related Links http://www.vistagen.com

FDA Approves BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA) for Pediatric Patients with Lower Limb Spasticity, Excluding Spasticity Caused by Cerebral Palsy Approval Marks 11th BOTOX Therapeutic Indication and Comes 30 Years After the First Indications Were Approved DUBLIN, Oct. 24, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the company's supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for BOTOX for the treatment of pediatric patients (2 to 17 years of age) with lower limb spasticity, excluding spasticity caused by cerebral palsy (CP). This marks the 11th BOTOX therapeutic indication, having been approved for pediatric upper limb spasticity (ULS) earlier this year. Spasticity is a debilitating neurological condition involving muscle stiffness that can result in tight muscles in the upper and lower limbs, and can interfere with movement. The severity can range from mild to severe muscle stiffness. "Lower limb spasticity can impact many aspects of a child's life and have a drastic influence on their overall development and quality of life," said David Nicholson, Chief Research and Development Officer, Allergan. "This milestone will continue to support and advance care for children and their caregivers who may be struggling with lower limb spasticity. Here at Allergan, we look forward to continuing to highlight our unwavering attention to innovation and build on our 30-years of research and development efforts with BOTOX since FDA approval of blepharospasm and strabismus in 1989." The FDA approval is based on a Phase 3 study evaluating the safety and efficacy of BOTOX in more than 300 pediatric patients aged two to 17 years old being treated for lower limb spasticity. While trial participants had cerebral palsy, the approved indication excludes lower limb spasticity caused by cerebral palsy due to marketing exclusivity by another company. These trials included a 12-week, double-blind study and a one-year open-label extension study. The approved recommended dose per treatment session is 4 Units per kilogram to 8 Units per kilogram divided among affected muscles of the lower limb. The total dose per treatment session in the lower limb should not exceed 8 Units per kilogram or 300 Units, whichever is lower. When treating both lower limbs or upper and lower limbs in combination, the total dose in pediatric patients should not exceed 10 Units per kilogram body weight or 340 Units, whichever is lower, in a 3-month interval. "Pediatric lower limb spasticity inhibits normal muscular movement and function and can result in delayed or impaired motor development, as well as difficulty with posture and positioning," said Mark Gormley, Jr. M.D., Pediatric Rehabilitation Medicine Specialist, Gillette Children's Specialty Healthcare-St. Paul. "BOTOX has a well-established safety and efficacy profile, and supports children and adolescents successfully manage both their upper and lower limb spasticity." Allergan is committed to providing resources and services, such as the BOTOX Savings Program, to help ensure BOTOX is accessible and affordable to patients. BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA) Important Information Indications BOTOX is a prescription medicine that is injected into muscles and used: to treat increased muscle stiffness in children 2 to 17 years of age with upper limb spasticity to treat increased muscle stiffness in children 2 to 17 years of age with lower limb spasticity, excluding spasticity caused by cerebral palsy to treat certain types of eye muscle problems (strabismus) or abnormal spasm of the eyelids (blepharospasm) in people 12 years and older It is not known whether BOTOX is safe or effective for other types of muscle spasms. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION BOTOX may cause serious side effects that can be life threatening. Get medical help right away if you have any of these problems any time (hours to weeks) after injection of BOTOX : Problems swallowing, speaking, or breathing, due to weakening of associated muscles, can be severe and result in loss of life. You are at the highest risk if these problems are pre-existing before injection. Swallowing problems may last for several months. Spread of toxin effects. The effect of botulinum toxin may affect areas away from the injection site and cause serious symptoms including: loss of strength and all-over muscle weakness, double vision, blurred vision and drooping eyelids, hoarseness or change or loss of voice, trouble saying words clearly, loss of bladder control, trouble breathing, and trouble swallowing. There has not been a confirmed serious case of spread of toxin effect away from the injection site when BOTOX has been used at the recommended dose to treat blepharospasm or strabismus. BOTOX may cause loss of strength or general muscle weakness, vision problems, or dizziness within hours to weeks of taking BOTOX . If this happens, do not drive a car, operate machinery, or do other dangerous activities. Do not receive BOTOX if you: are allergic to any of the ingredients in BOTOX (see Medication Guide for ingredients); had an allergic reaction to any other botulinum toxin product such as Myobloc (rimabotulinumtoxinB), Dysport (abobotulinumtoxinA), or Xeomin (incobotulinumtoxinA); have a skin infection at the planned injection site. The dose of BOTOX is not the same as, or comparable to, another botulinum toxin product. Serious and/or immediate allergic reactions have been reported including itching, rash, red itchy welts, wheezing, asthma symptoms, or dizziness or feeling faint. Get medical help right away if you experience symptoms; further injection of BOTOX should be discontinued. Tell your doctor about all your muscle or nerve conditions such as ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease, myasthenia gravis, or Lambert-Eaton syndrome, as you may be at increased risk of serious side effects including difficulty swallowing and difficulty breathing from typical doses of BOTOX . Cornea problems have been reported. Cornea (surface of the eye) problems have been reported in some people receiving BOTOX for their blepharospasm, especially in people with certain nerve disorders. BOTOX may cause the eyelids to blink less, which could lead to the surface of the eye being exposed to air more than is usual. Tell your doctor if you experience any problems with your eyes while receiving BOTOX . Your doctor may treat your eyes with drops, ointments, contact lenses, or with an eye patch. Bleeding behind the eye has been reported. Bleeding behind the eyeball has been reported in some people receiving BOTOX for their strabismus. Tell your doctor if you notice any new visual problems while receiving BOTOX . Upper respiratory tract infections (common colds) have been reported. In pediatric patients treated with BOTOX for upper limb spasticity, upper respiratory tract infections were reported more frequently. In pediatric patients treated with BOTOX for lower limb spasticity, upper respiratory tract infection was not reported with an incidence greater than placebo. Tell your doctor about all your medical conditions, including if you: have or have had bleeding problems; have plans to have surgery; had surgery on your face; weakness of forehead muscles; trouble raising your eyebrows; drooping eyelids; any other abnormal facial change; are pregnant or plan to become pregnant (it is not known if BOTOX can harm your unborn baby); are breastfeeding or plan to (it is not known if BOTOX passes into breast milk). Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Using BOTOX with certain other medicines may cause serious side effects. Do not start any new medicines until you have told your doctor that you have received BOTOX in the past. Tell your doctor if you received any other botulinum toxin product in the last 4 months; have received injections of botulinum toxin such as Myobloc , Dysport , or Xeomin in the past (tell your doctor exactly which product you received); have recently received an antibiotic by injection; take muscle relaxants; take an allergy or cold medicine; take a sleep medicine; take aspirin-like products or blood thinners. Other side effects of BOTOX include: dry mouth, discomfort or pain at the injection site, tiredness, headache, neck pain, eye problems: double vision, blurred vision, decreased eyesight, drooping eyelids, swelling of your eyelids, dry eyes, drooping eyebrows; and upper respiratory tract infection. For more information refer to the Medication Guide or talk with your doctor. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Please see BOTOX full Product Information including Boxed Warning and Medication Guide. About Allergan plc Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is a global pharmaceutical leader focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceutical, device, biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products for patients around the world. Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products primarily focused on four key therapeutic areas including medical aesthetics, eye care, central nervous system and gastroenterology. As part of its approach to delivering innovation for better patient care, Allergan has built one of the broadest pharmaceutical and device research and development pipelines in the industry. With colleagues and commercial operations located in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives every day. For more information, visit Allergan's website at www.Allergan.com. Forward-Looking Statement Statements contained in this press release that refer to future events or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Allergan's current perspective on existing trends and information as of the date of this release. Actual results may differ materially from Allergan's current expectations depending upon a number of factors affecting Allergan's business. These factors include, among others, the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of FDA approvals or actions, if any; the impact of competitive products and pricing; market acceptance of and continued demand for Allergan's products; the impact of uncertainty around timing of generic entry related to key products, including RESTASIS , on our financial results; risks associated with divestitures, acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures; risks related to impairments; uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected cost reductions, projected debt reduction, projected synergies, restructurings, increased costs, and adverse tax consequences; difficulties or delays in manufacturing; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Allergan's periodic public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to Allergan's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and Allergan's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2019. Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. CONTACTS: Allergan: Investors: Manisha Narasimhan, PhD (862) 261-7162 Media: Lisa Brown (862) 261-7320 Lisa Kim (714) 246-3843 SOURCE Allergan plc Related Links http://www.allergan.com

NGM Bio Announces Positive Interim Results from Ongoing 24-Week Phase 2 Study Evaluating Aldafermin (NGM282) in Patients with NASH --Treatment with aldafermin 1 mg resulted in statistically significant reductions in absolute and relative liver fat at 24 weeks compared to placebo -- -- Statistically significant improvements also observed across key non-invasive biomarkers of metabolism, inflammation and fibrosis, with favorable tolerability profile -- -- Full 24-week 1 mg Cohort 4 data, including biopsy assessments, anticipated in Q1 2020 -- -- Company to host conference call and webcast at 8:30 a.m. ET (5:30 a.m. PT) -- SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Oct. 07, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NGM Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: NGM), a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing transformative therapeutics for patients, today announced positive preliminary results from a pre-specified interim analysis of the aldafermin 1 mg 24-week Cohort 4, which is the final cohort of an adaptive Phase 2 study evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of aldafermin (formerly NGM282) in patients with biopsy-confirmed non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). The Cohort 4 interim analysis demonstrated that once-daily treatment with 1 mg of aldafermin for 24 weeks in patients with stage 2 or 3 (F2-F3) liver fibrosis resulted in a statistically significant change in the absolute liver fat content (LFC) of -7.9% (measured by magnetic resonance imaging-estimated proton density fat fraction, or MRI-PDFF), as compared to -2.0% in the placebo arm (p<0.05), and a statistically significant change in relative LFC of -39.6%, as compared to -5.9% in the placebo arm (p<0.05). As per the study protocol, results were calculated using least square (LS) mean, which is a statistical approach that adjusts for observed baseline differences. 72% of patients treated with aldafermin achieved a 5% absolute reduction in LFC versus 17% for placebo. Similarly, 72% of patients treated with aldafermin achieved a 30% relative reduction in LFC versus 17% for placebo. Of the patients treated with aldafermin, 28% achieved a normal LFC after 24 weeks, defined as 5% absolute LFC, versus none in the placebo arm. In addition, in assessing biomarkers of liver inflammation and injury, treatment with aldafermin resulted in clinically meaningful reductions in alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST). Treatment with aldafermin also resulted in a statistically significant reduction in PRO-C3, an exploratory biomarker of liver fibrogenesis, as compared to placebo. These 24-week findings are highly consistent with the profound impact on liver fat and key biomarkers of NASH that were reported from the three prior 12-week cohorts of this Phase 2 study, said Stephen A. Harrison, M.D., Medical Director at Pinnacle Clinical Research, Visiting Professor of Hepatology at University of Oxford, UK and principal investigator on the study. This interim analysis demonstrated that extended exposure to aldafermin was well tolerated with no withdrawals during the 24-week treatment period. The magnitude of effect on LFC reduction and normalization, combined with the improvement in liver enzymes, reinforce aldafermin s potential to potently and rapidly reverse multiple aspects of NASH. As observed in the prior Phase 2 cohorts, patients treated with aldafermin in the Cohort 4 interim analysis experienced a mean increase of 47.6 mg/dL LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) at week 2 of treatment relative to baseline (103.5 mg/dL), which is consistent with the drug s mechanism of action and potent FGFR4-mediated CYP7A1 inhibition. As per protocol, when elevation of LDL-C of at least 10 mg/dL was recorded, patients were directed to take an appropriate dose of rosuvastatin daily for the remainder of the study. Concomitant statin use mitigated the drug-induced LDL cholesterol rise, and the mean LDL-C level was below baseline at 24 weeks. In an assessment of other lipid biomarkers, the concurrent use of aldafermin with this statin protocol resulted in a slight increase in HDL-C and a statistically significant decrease in serum triglycerides relative to baseline. There were no study withdrawals and no serious adverse events in the aldafermin arm of the Cohort 4 interim analysis, as compared to one withdrawal due to an adverse event and two serious adverse events in the placebo arm. The most common adverse events in the aldafermin arm, which were generally mild to moderate, were diarrhea, headache, nausea and arthralgia (joint pain). Aldafermin continues to be differentiated with what we believe is an industry-leading profile as a monotherapy for the potential treatment of NASH, as few drugs in development for this disease have shown meaningful metabolic, anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic activity, said Hsiao D. Lieu, M.D., Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer of NGM. Throughout our Phase 2 program, we ve seen a relationship between aldafermin s impact on biomarkers of disease and subsequent histology results. To that end, we look forward to the biopsy data readout for Cohort 4, which will further inform planning activities for our Phase 3 study. Topline results of the full Cohort 4, which will include an assessment of 24 weeks of treatment on liver histology, are anticipated in the first quarter of 2020. We re pleased with these interim findings, as they represent another milestone in our advancement of aldafermin as an important potential treatment option to address the unmet needs of patients suffering from NASH, said David J. Woodhouse, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of NGM. This new data set adds to the comprehensive body of clinical evidence supporting the potential commercial profile of aldafermin and its promise as a cornerstone treatment for advanced NASH patients. Cohort 4 Study Design Cohort 4 is an ongoing multi-center, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 2 study evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of 1 mg daily subcutaneous injections of aldafermin over 24 weeks of treatment. The study enrolled 78 patients with biopsy-confirmed NASH with F2-F3 liver fibrosis. The primary endpoint is the treatment effect on absolute changes in LFC as measured by MRI-PDFF compared to placebo. Secondary and exploratory endpoints include relative changes in LFC, biomarkers of liver function and effect on liver histology. The interim analysis of non-invasive measures of efficacy, including LFC, liver transaminases and exploratory fibrosis biomarkers, was conducted when 38 patients completed 24 weeks of treatment. Preliminary Cohort 4 Interim Analysis Findings Summary of 24-Week Interim Analysis Non-Invasive Measures of NASH (LS mean change from baseline at W24) Placebo (n=13) Aldafermin 1 mg (n=25) Absolute LFC (%) -2.0 -7.9* Relative LFC (%) -5.9 -39.6* Patients achieving 5% absolute LFC reduction (%) 17 72** Patients achieving 30% relative LFC reduction (%) 17 72** Patients with normalized ( 5%) LFC (%) 0 28 ALT, relative change (%) -2 -39** AST, relative change (%) -4 -23 PRO-C3, relative change (%) (Exploratory biomarker of fibrogenesis) +5 -24* ELF+ score (Exploratory biomarker of fibrosis) +0.1 -0.2 *p<0.05; **p<0.01, versus placebo (LS mean) + ELF = Enhanced liver fibrosis Background on Comprehensive Phase 2 Aldafermin NASH Program Phase 2 Study The adaptive Phase 2 aldafermin study includes four cohorts: Cohort 1: a 12 week, multi-center, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study that assessed the efficacy and safety of aldafermin 3 mg and 6 mg once daily; a 12 week, multi-center, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study that assessed the efficacy and safety of aldafermin 3 mg and 6 mg once daily; Cohort 2: a 12-week, single-blind expansion study that assessed the efficacy and safety of aldafermin 0.3 mg, 1 mg and 3 mg once daily, with the 3 mg cohort including histology endpoints; a 12-week, single-blind expansion study that assessed the efficacy and safety of aldafermin 0.3 mg, 1 mg and 3 mg once daily, with the 3 mg cohort including histology endpoints; Cohort 3: a 12-week, single-blind expansion study that assessed the efficacy and safety of aldafermin 1 mg once daily, including histology endpoints; and a 12-week, single-blind expansion study that assessed the efficacy and safety of aldafermin 1 mg once daily, including histology endpoints; and Cohort 4: a 24-week, multi-center, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study that is assessing the efficacy and safety of aldafermin 1 mg once daily, including histology endpoints. Key eligibility criteria were similar across study cohorts and included adult patients with biopsy- confirmed NASH, NAS 4 (with at least one point in each component of steatosis, lobular inflammation and hepatocellular ballooning), presence of liver fibrosis and 8% LFC by MRI-PDFF. Cohorts 1, 2 and 3 enrolled F1-F3 liver fibrosis patients, and Cohort 4 enrolled F2-F3 liver fibrosis patients. Results from Cohort 1 were presented at the International Liver Congress in 2017 and published in The Lancet in 2018. Data from Cohorts 2 and 3 were presented at the International Liver Congress in 2018 and The Liver Meeting in 2018. Phase 2b ALPINE Studies NGM is conducting the Phase 2b ALPINE 2/3 clinical study evaluating aldafermin in patients with biopsy-confirmed NASH and F2-F3 liver fibrosis. This 24-week study is expected to enroll approximately 150 patients and will assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of 0.3 mg, 1 mg and 3 mg of aldafermin compared to placebo. NGM is also in the planning stages for the Phase 2b ALPINE 4 study, which will evaluate aldafermin in NASH patients with well-compensated cirrhosis. Conference Call / Webcast Details The company will host a conference call and webcast with slide presentation at 8:30 a.m. ET (5:30 a.m. PT) this morning. The live conference call details are as follows: domestic (844) 873-0551; international (602) 563-8472; and Passcode: 7077749. To access the live webcast and slides, please visit the Investors & Media section of NGM s website at https://ir.ngmbio.com/ . The webcast will be archived for 30 days. Archived conference call details are as follows: domestic (855) 859-2056; international (404) 537-3406; and Passcode: 7077749. The archived conference call will be available for 30 days. About Aldafermin (NGM282) Aldafermin is an engineered variant of the human hormone FGF19 that is dosed once daily as a subcutaneous injection and is being developed to reduce liver fat content, improve liver function and reverse fibrosis by targeting multiple pathogenic pathways of liver disease. NGM has generated robust preclinical and clinical evidence supporting the ability of aldafermin to resolve disease and reverse fibrosis in NASH patients. This wholly owned therapeutic has been evaluated in multiple Phase 2 studies in primary biliary cholangitis, primary sclerosing cholangitis, type 2 diabetes and NASH. About NGM Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. NGM is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel therapeutics based on a scientific understanding of key biological pathways underlying cardio-metabolic, liver, oncologic and ophthalmic diseases. The company leverages its biology-centric drug discovery approach to uncover novel mechanisms of action and generate proprietary insights that enable it to move rapidly into proof-of-concept studies and deliver potential first-in-class medicines to patients. NGM aspires to operate one of the most productive research and development engines in the biopharmaceutical industry, with multiple programs in clinical development. Visit http://www.ngmbio.com for more information. Forward-Looking Statements Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as may, will, expect, anticipate, look forward to, estimate, intend and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include those related to the timing, enrollment and results of Phase 2 clinical studies of aldafermin, and the safety, tolerability and potential efficacy of aldafermin. Because such statements deal with future events and are based on NGM s current expectations, they are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results, performance or achievements of NGM could differ materially from those described in or implied by the statements in this press release. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in the sections titled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 and other filings that NGM makes from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, NGM assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons if actual results differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.

Realty Income To Acquire 454 Properties From CIM Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. In $1.25 Billion Transaction SAN DIEGO, Sept. 3, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Realty Income Corporation (Realty Income,NYSE: O), The Monthly Dividend Company , today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire 454 single-tenant retail properties from CIM Real Estate Finance Trust, Inc. ("CMFT"), a non-listed REIT which is sponsored by an affiliate of CIM Group, for approximately $1.25 billion in cash. The transaction is expected to close in various tranches with the acquisition of most of the properties in the portfolio expected to close in 2019, subject to customary closing conditions. The transaction is expected to be executed at an approximate 7% cash cap rate, resulting in an investment spread relative to our first-year weighted average cost of capital well above the company's historical average. The portfolio carries a weighted average remaining lease term of 9.7 years and generates 58% of total rental revenue from investment-grade rated companies or their subsidiaries. "This transaction is additive to our existing high-quality real estate portfolio and is immediately accretive on a leverage-neutral basis. We believe this portfolio acquisition demonstrates the importance of size and scale as a competitive advantage in the net lease industry," said Sumit Roy, Realty Income's President & Chief Executive Officer. "As the largest company in the net lease REIT sector, we believe we are uniquely positioned to integrate sizeable transactions with minimal impact to our existing tenant and industry concentrations and our overall portfolio risk profile. As a result of this transaction, we are increasing our 2019 acquisition guidance and 2019 AFFO per share guidance. We intend to finance the acquisition using our $3.0 billion revolving credit facility, which currently has approximately $2.8 billion of available capacity." Upon completion of the acquisition, Realty Income expects to assume existing mortgage debt totaling approximately $131 million at a weighted average interest rate of 4.5% and a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 5.3 years. Updated 2019 Guidance Range Prior Revised Acquisitions (in billions) $2.0 - $2.5 $3.25 - $3.50 Net Income per share $1.33 - $1.38 $1.32 - $1.37 Adjusted Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders (AFFO) per share $3.28 - $3.33 $3.29 - $3.34 Funds from Operations Available to Common Stockholders (FFO) per share $3.26 - $3.31 $3.26 - $3.31 The company considers FFO and AFFO to be appropriate supplemental measures of a Real Estate Investment Trust's (REIT's) operating performance. Realty Income defines FFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts' (NAREIT's) definition, as net income available to common stockholders, plus depreciation and amortization of real estate assets, plus impairments of real estate assets, and reduced by gains on property sales. AFFO further adjusts FFO for unique revenue and expense items, which the company believes are not as pertinent to the measurement of the company's ongoing operating performance. The primary driver of the difference in adjustments to guidance for net income per share, AFFO per share, and FFO per share is the add-back of expected depreciation from the properties to be acquired for the purposes of calculating AFFO and FFO. Presentation of the information regarding FFO and AFFO is intended to assist the reader in comparing the operating performance of different REITs, although it should be noted that not all REITs calculate FFO and AFFO in the same way, so comparisons with other REITs may not be meaningful. FFO and AFFO should not be considered as alternatives to reviewing our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities. In addition, FFO and AFFO should not be considered as measures of liquidity, our ability to make cash distributions, or our ability to pay interest payments. Portfolio Profile The portfolio being acquired from CMFT consists of 454 properties with approximately 5.1 million leasable square feet. The properties in the portfolio are currently leased to 59 different tenants across 20 industries, with Texas and California representing the top two states by projected rental revenue for the forward twelve-month period beginning July 1, 2019, at 11.0% and 7.2%, respectively. Based on the tenant and industry concentrations for this portfolio, Realty Income does not expect the acquisition, once completed, to have a meaningful impact on its existing tenant and industry concentrations. The top 10 tenant concentrations for the portfolio are as follows: Number of Properties % of Total Portfolio Rent (1) Dollar General 145 15.8% Walgreens 37 14.8% Dollar Tree / Family Dollar 75 8.7% United Oil 28 7.2% Biolife Plasma Services 9 4.1% Western Refining (Marathon) 24 3.7% QuickChek 6 3.5% PetSmart 9 3.1% 7-Eleven 9 2.8% Mattress Firm 14 2.4% Top 10 Tenant Total 354 66.2% (1) Based on projected rental revenue for the forward twelve-month period beginning July 1, 2019. Total does not foot due to rounding. The top 10 industry concentrations for the portfolio are as follows: Number of Properties % of Total Portfolio Rent (1) Dollar Stores 220 24.5% Convenience Stores 73 19.4% Drug Stores 42 16.0% Restaurants Casual Dining 24 6.8% Grocery Stores 13 6.7% Health and Fitness 4 4.8% Health Care 10 4.4% Pet Supplies and Services 9 3.1% Home Furnishings 18 3.1% Home Improvement 2 2.0% Top 10 Industry Total 415 90.8% (1) Based on projected rental revenue for the forward twelve-month period beginning July 1, 2019 About Realty Income Realty Income, The Monthly Dividend Company , is an S&P 500 company dedicated to providing stockholders with dependable monthly income. The company is structured as a REIT, and its monthly dividends are supported by the cash flow from over 5,900 real estate properties owned under long-term lease agreements with commercial tenants. To date, the company has declared 590 consecutive common stock monthly dividends throughout its 50-year operating history and increased the dividend 102 times since Realty Income's public listing in 1994 (NYSE: O). Additional information about the company can be obtained from the corporate website at www.realtyincome.com. Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this press release that are not strictly historical are "forward-looking" statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, which may cause the company's actual future results to differ materially from expected results. These risks include, among others, general economic conditions, local and foreign real estate conditions, tenant financial health, the availability of capital to finance planned growth, continued volatility and uncertainty in the credit markets and broader financial markets, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, property acquisitions (including the acquisitions described herein), and the timing and completion of these acquisitions, charges for property impairments, and the outcome of any legal proceedings to which the company is a party, as described in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Consequently, forward-looking statements should be regarded solely as reflections of the company's current operating plans and estimates. Actual operating results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in this press release. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date these statements were made. SOURCE Realty Income Corporation Related Links http://www.realtyincome.com

Oncocyte and the Guardian Research Network Announce Strategic Alliance Collaboration establishes an integrated platform for precision medicine clinical trials, combining Oncocyte s proprietary molecular tests and fully certified pharma services lab with GRN s nationwide hospital consortium of 150 hospitals, clinical trial networks and real-world evidence data technology to establish an integrated precision medicine trial platform Initially focused on immuno-oncology, including Oncocyte s proprietary DetermaIO test, which can be used to select patients for immune therapy clinical trials IRVINE, Calif., Sept. 03, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Oncocyte Corporation (NYSE American: OCX), a molecular diagnostics company with a mission to provide actionable answers at critical decision points across the cancer care continuum, and the Guardian Research Network (GRN), a nationwide hospital consortium bringing access to cutting-edge trials and real world evidence clinical research to its community hospital members, today announced a strategic collaboration to create a comprehensive solution for pharma clients from patient recruitment to regulatory approvals. Oncocyte and GRN aim to leverage their joint capabilities by bringing together GRN s clinical trial enrollment and data science technology with Oncocyte s proprietary molecular tests, including DetermaRx for early stage lung cancer and DetermaIO for immunotherapy selection, as well as Oncocyte s pharma and companion diagnostic development services. The collaboration is designed to reduce the time to populate immune targeting trials while also improving chances for successful trials through proprietary molecular patient stratification. Despite the challenging macroenvironment, we continue to experience solid growth in our business initiatives through August, including increasing test volume of our DetermaRx product for early stage lung cancer as well as growing momentum in our pharma services business. Our alliance with GRN may help us to expand our pharma services offerings and increase DetermaIO s use in more clinical trials for immune therapy patient selection, said Ron Andrews, Chief Executive Officer and President of Oncocyte. This collaboration with GRN enables us to help streamline clinical trial enrollment for pharmaceutical company sponsors and ideally positions us to provide comprehensive services needed by emerging biopharma companies that are developing new immune-oncology and targeted therapies. With well over 50 emerging second generation immune therapeutics entering various phases of clinical trials, this collaboration has significant potential to optimize patient recruitment in the immuno-oncology space by identifying the patients most likely to respond to treatment. We believe the combination of GRN s large and growing network of community and regional hospitals, with Oncocyte s CSR/ISO certified molecular laboratory and groundbreaking diagnostic technology, can deliver powerful value by accelerating new cancer drugs path to market. Today we are thrilled to announce our alliance with GRN, which we anticipate will deliver both near term successes and long term benefits for both parties. Dr. Mark L. Watson, Chief Operating Officer of Guardian Research Network, added, The Guardian Research Network is excited to work with Oncocyte to develop a new offering that provides turnkey service to emerging biopharma clients developing next generation immuno-oncology therapeutics. This partnership fits perfectly with GRN s mission to bring the best new drugs and technologies to our network of forward-looking community hospital partners. We believe Oncocyte s proprietary molecular tests, companion diagnostic development expertise, and regulatory access will enable the implementation of precision medicine-based patient stratification and the democratization of access to cutting edge molecular medicine in the community setting. We are thrilled to partner with Oncocyte s leadership team with their demonstrated commitment to the community setting and look forward to combining our cutting-edge data technology with a clinical trial opportunity that benefits pharma partners, doctors and patients. GRN is a consortium of over 150 hospitals and clinics focusing on executing clinical trials for oncology. The network has relationships with esteemed hospitals across the U.S. and works to facilitate clinical trial activities, including patient identification and study design optimization. Oncocyte s molecular tools and diagnostic assays, specifically DetermaIO, its multivariate gene expression test which can identify immune checkpoint inhibitor responders, will allow GRN to optimize enrollment and support the development of next generation immune therapies. The collaboration will additionally allow Oncocyte to expand its relationships with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and apply its technology more broadly across research settings. About Oncocyte Corporation Oncocyte is a molecular diagnostics company whose mission is to provide actionable answers at critical decision points across the cancer care continuum, with the goal of improving patient outcomes by accelerating and optimizing diagnosis and treatment. The Company recently launched DetermaRx , a treatment stratification test that enables the identification of early-stage lung cancer patients at high risk for recurrence post-resection, allowing them to be treated when their cancer may be more responsive to adjuvant chemotherapy. Oncocyte is also developing DetermaIO , a gene expression test that identifies patients more likely to respond to checkpoint immunotherapies. DetermaRx and DetermaIO are trademarks of Oncocyte Corporation. About the Guardian Research Network Guardian Research Network is a nation-wide, oncology-centered hospital consortium focused on accelerating clinical trials in under-served communities locally and regionally. Through our highly secure, HIPAA compliant data warehouse and data analytics tools, GRN has accelerated patient identification, optimized study design, and expanded the understanding of real-world trends in oncology care. From a patient privacy perspective, GRN requires HIPAA compliant relationships with all hospitals in its network. This regulatory framework allows GRN to perform a diverse array of clinical activities, including IRB approved study design optimization as well as projects involving Protected Health Information (PHI) such as patient care coordination and clinical trial enrollment. GRN has enrolled over 4,000 subjects in clinical trials in approximately four years. GRN's experienced clinical informatics team provides hospital networks and biopharma clients with proprietary artificial intelligence to derive new cancer insights from millions of records. Clinical trials support includes customized synthetic control groups, novel real-time trial enrollment analytics and integrated clinical research platforms all to bring patients cutting-edge trial opportunities and potential cancer cures that improve lives. For more information on this 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization headquartered in Spartanburg, South Carolina, visit www.guardianresearch.org. Oncocyte Forward Looking Statements Oncocyte cautions you that this press release contains forward-looking statements. Any statements that are not historical fact (including, but not limited to statements that contain words such as will, believes, plans, anticipates, expects, estimates, may, and similar expressions) are forward-looking statements. These statements include those pertaining to the commercial launch of DetermaRx, development of DetermaIO, unexpected expenditures or assumed liabilities or other unanticipated difficulties resulting from acquisitions, implementation and results of research, development, clinical trials and studies, commercialization plans, future financial and/or operating results, and future opportunities for Oncocyte, along with other statements about the future expectations, beliefs, goals, plans, or prospects expressed by management. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, the potential impact of COVID-19 on our financial and operational results, risks inherent in the development and/or commercialization of potential diagnostic tests or products, uncertainty in the results of clinical trials or regulatory approvals, the capacity of our third-party supplied blood sample analytic system to provide consistent and precise analytic results on a commercial scale, potential interruptions to our supply chain, the need and ability to obtain future capital, maintenance of intellectual property rights, and the need to obtain third party reimbursement for patients use of any diagnostic tests we commercialize, and risks inherent in acquisitions such as failure to realize anticipated benefits, unexpected expenditures or assumed liabilities, unanticipated difficulties in conforming business practices including accounting policies, procedures and internal controls, greater than estimated allocations of resources to develop and commercialize technologies, or failure to maintain any laboratory accreditation or certification. Actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements and accordingly such statements should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect the business of Oncocyte, particularly those mentioned in the Risk Factors and other cautionary statements found in Oncocyte s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available from the SEC s website. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they were made. Oncocyte undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required by law. Oncocyte Investor Contact Bob Yedid LifeSci Advisors, LLC 646-597-6989 bob@lifesciadvisors.com Oncocyte Media Contact Cait Williamson, Ph.D. LifeSci Communications, LLC 646-751-4366 cait@lifescicomms.com GRN Media Contact Charlene Smith-McCaw, MBA Charlene Smith-McCaw Consulting, Marketing & Communications 610-857-8048 charlenemccaw1@gmail.com

German American Bancorp, Inc. (GABC) Posts 10th Consecutive Year of Record Annual Earnings, Announces Share Repurchase Plan, and Declares 12% Cash Dividend Increase JASPER, Ind., Jan. 27, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- German American Bancorp, Inc. (Nasdaq: GABC) reported that, for the 10th consecutive year, the Company has achieved record annual earnings, posting net income of $59.2 million, or $2.29 per share, for the year ended on December 31, 2019. This level of annual earnings performance resulted in a double-digit return on shareholders equity in 2019, marking the 15th consecutive fiscal year in which the Company has delivered a double-digit return on shareholders equity. The Company also announced a new share repurchase plan for up to one million GABC shares and the declaration of a 12% increase in its quarterly cash dividend. Annual net income for 2019 represented an increase of $12.7 million, or approximately 15% on a per share basis, from the prior 2018 net income of $46.5 million, or $1.99 per share. Fourth quarter 2019 net income of $15.8 million, or $0.59 per share, represented approximately a 34% increase, on a per share basis, from fourth quarter 2018 net income of $11.0 million, or $0.44 per share. The operating results of both 2019 and 2018 were reflective of the inclusion of the acquisition of Citizens First Corporation of Bowling Green, Kentucky on July 1, 2019 and First Security, Inc. of Owensboro, Kentucky, on October 15, 2018. The Company also announced that its Board has approved a new share repurchase plan authorizing the repurchase of up to one million shares, or approximately 4% of the Company's total common shares outstanding. Stock repurchases are expected to be made from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, subject to applicable securities law. The plan does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of shares. The Company also announced a 12% increase in its regular quarterly cash dividend, as its Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.19 per share, which will be payable on February 20, 2020 to shareholders of record as of February 10, 2020. Mark A. Schroeder, German American s Chairman & CEO, stated, "2019 saw the continuation of our ongoing efforts to build upon our historic levels of growth and profitability and the enhancement of long-term shareholder value. In particular, we saw continued strong organic growth during this past year within our markets in Southeast Indiana, following the acquisition of River Valley Bancorp in 2016, which opened for us the vibrant markets in the Indiana portion of the Louisville, Kentucky MSA, and the 2018 acquisition of a five-branch network in the greater Columbus, Indiana market area, which greatly enhanced our market presence in that growing area of the state of Indiana. Additionally, we continued in 2019 our strategic expansion into the Commonwealth of Kentucky with the acquisition in July 2019 of Citizens First Corporation of Bowling Green, Kentucky. The combination of the Citizens First footprint in the greater Bowling Green area with that of First Security, Inc. of Owensboro, Kentucky, which we also acquired in 2018, resulted in German American acquiring approximately $1 billion of banking assets within the Commonwealth. We will continue our focus in 2020 on the integration of these operations, as we position the Company for what we believe will be strong organic growth from the Kentucky market area in the coming years. Schroeder continued, We are also extremely pleased to have achieved the milestone in 2019 of a decade of consecutive annual record earnings performance and a decade and a half of delivering a double digit annual return on shareholders equity. Very few banking organizations in the country can match that level of consistent, long-term profitability. Because of the capital strength resulting from this level of strong profitability, we are able to announce today another double-digit increase in our cash dividend and a new share repurchase program, continuing our ongoing efforts to drive long-term value for our shareholders. With this dividend increase, German American has increased the level of our cash dividends each year for the past eight consecutive years. The new share repurchase program is designed to help facilitate the Company s capital management efforts. Balance Sheet Highlights On July 1, 2019, the Company completed its acquisition of Citizens First Corporation ( Citizens First ) and its subsidiary bank, Citizen First Bank, Inc. Citizens First, headquartered in Bowling Green, Kentucky, operated eight retail banking offices through Citizens First Bank, Inc. in Barren, Hart, Simpson and Warren Counties in Kentucky. On October 15, 2018, the Company completed its acquisition of First Security, Inc. ("First Security") and its subsidiary bank, First Security Bank, Inc. First Security was based in Owensboro, Kentucky, and operated 11 retail banking offices in Owensboro, Bowling Green, Franklin and Lexington, Kentucky and in Evansville and Newburgh, Indiana. In addition, the Company completed a five-branch acquisition of locations of First Financial Bancorp (formerly branch locations of Mainsource Financial Group, Inc. prior to its merger with First Financial Bancorp) on May 18, 2018. Four of the branches are located in Columbus, Indiana, and one in Greensburg, Indiana. Total assets for the Company totaled $4.397 billion at December 31, 2019, representing an increase of $40.7 million, or 4% on an annualized basis, compared with September 30, 2019 and an increase of $467.5 million, or 12%, compared with December 31, 2018. The increase in total assets as of December 31, 2019 compared to a year ago was driven largely by the acquisition of Citizens First. December 31, 2019 total loans increased $21.2 million, or 3% on an annualized basis, compared with September 30, 2019 and increased $350.2 million, or 13%, compared with December 31, 2018. Loan growth during 2019 was impacted in each quarterly period by elevated large pay-offs within the agricultural and commercial loan portfolios. Fourth quarter 2019 large pay-offs were significantly elevated, at approximately $30 million greater than the average of large pay-offs during the first three quarters of 2019. The majority of the increase in outstanding loans as of December 31, 2019 compared with December 31, 2018 was attributable to the acquisition of Citizens First. As of December 31, 2019, outstanding loans from the Citizens First acquisition totaled approximately $320.3 million. End of Period Loan Balances 12/31/2019 9/30/2019 12/31/2018 (dollars in thousands) Commercial & Industrial Loans $ 589,758 $ 579,152 $ 543,761 Commercial Real Estate Loans 1,495,862 1,477,204 1,208,646 Agricultural Loans 384,526 386,685 365,208 Consumer Loans 306,972 305,027 285,534 Residential Mortgage Loans 304,855 312,674 328,592 $ 3,081,973 $ 3,060,742 $ 2,731,741 Non-performing assets totaled $14.4 million at December 31, 2019 compared to $14.1 million at September 30, 2019 and $13.5 million at December 31, 2018. Non-performing assets represented 0.33% of total assets at December 31, 2019, 0.32% at September 30, 2019, and 0.34% at December 31, 2018. Non-performing loans totaled $14.0 million at December 31, 2019 compared to $13.5 million at September 30, 2019 and $13.2 million at December 31, 2018. Non-performing loans represented 0.45% of total loans at December 31, 2019 compared to 0.44% at September 30, 2019 and 0.48% at December 31, 2018. Non-performing Assets (dollars in thousands) 12/31/2019 9/30/2019 12/31/2018 Non-Accrual Loans $ 13,802 $ 13,512 $ 12,579 Past Due Loans (90 days or more) 190 633 Total Non-Performing Loans 13,992 13,512 13,212 Other Real Estate 425 625 286 Total Non-Performing Assets $ 14,417 $ 14,137 $ 13,498 Restructured Loans $ 116 $ 117 $ 121 The Company s allowance for loan losses totaled $16.3 million at December 31, 2019 compared to $15.9 million at September 30, 2019 and $15.8 million at December 31, 2018. The allowance for loan losses represented 0.53% of period-end loans at December 31, 2019 compared with 0.52% of period-end loans at September 30, 2019 and 0.58% of period-end loans at December 31, 2018. From time to time, the Company has acquired loans through bank and branch acquisitions with the most recent being the Citizens First acquisition during the third quarter of 2019 and the First Security acquisition during the fourth quarter of 2018. Under acquisition accounting treatment, loans acquired are recorded at fair value which includes a credit risk component, and therefore the allowance on loans acquired is not carried over from the seller. The Company held a net discount on acquired loans of $20.4 million at December 31, 2019, $22.9 million at September 30, 2019 and $19.5 million at December 31, 2018. December 31, 2019 total deposits remained relatively stable compared to September 30, 2019 and increased $357.4 million, or 12%, compared with December 31, 2018. The increase in total deposits at December 31, 2019 compared with year-end 2018 was largely related to the acquisition of Citizens First. As of December 31, 2019, deposits from the Citizens First acquisition totaled approximately $359.7 million. End of Period Deposit Balances 12/31/2019 9/30/2019 12/31/2018 (dollars in thousands) Non-interest-bearing Demand Deposits $ 832,985 $ 827,259 $ 715,972 IB Demand, Savings, and MMDA Accounts 1,965,640 1,910,395 1,768,177 Time Deposits < $100,000 314,789 323,746 249,309 Time Deposits > $100,000 316,607 369,886 339,174 $ 3,430,021 $ 3,431,286 $ 3,072,632 Results of Operations Highlights Year ended December 31, 2019 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2019 totaled $59,222,000, or $2.29 per share, an increase of $12,693,000, or approximately 15% on a per share basis, from the year ended December 31, 2018 net income of $46,529,000, or $1.99 per share. Net income for both 2018 and 2019 was impacted by merger and acquisition activity. The year ended December 31, 2019 included acquisition-related expenses of approximately $3,360,000 (approximately $2,594,000 or $0.10 per share, on an after tax basis). The year ended December 31, 2018 included acquisition-related expenses of approximately $4,592,000 (approximately $3,526,000 or $0.15 per share, on an after tax basis) for the aforementioned acquisitions. Summary Average Balance Sheet (Tax-equivalent basis / dollars in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2019 Year Ended December 31, 2018 Principal Balance Income/ Expense Yield/Rate Principal Balance Income/ Expense Yield/Rate Assets Federal Funds Sold and Other Short-term Investments $ 27,166 $ 522 1.92 % $ 18,587 $ 308 1.65 % Securities 851,457 26,006 3.05 % 768,361 23,739 3.09 % Loans and Leases 2,899,939 152,836 5.27 % 2,339,089 112,437 4.81 % Total Interest Earning Assets $ 3,778,562 $ 179,364 4.75 % $ 3,126,037 $ 136,484 4.36 % Liabilities Demand Deposit Accounts $ 761,515 $ 640,865 IB Demand, Savings, and MMDA Accounts $ 1,861,617 $ 12,049 0.65 % $ 1,616,558 $ 7,709 0.48 % Time Deposits 670,802 11,756 1.75 % 459,289 5,916 1.29 % FHLB Advances and Other Borrowings 279,675 7,444 2.66 % 257,737 5,514 2.14 % Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities $ 2,812,094 $ 31,249 1.11 % $ 2,333,584 $ 19,139 0.82 % Cost of Funds 0.83 % 0.61 % Net Interest Income $ 148,115 $ 117,345 Net Interest Margin 3.92 % 3.75 % During the year ended December 31, 2019, net interest income totaled $145,225,000, representing an increase of $30,615,000, or 27%, from the year ended December 31, 2018 net interest income of $114,610,000. The increased level of net interest income during 2019 compared with 2018 was driven primarily by a higher level of average earning assets resulting from the previously discussed merger and acquisition activity and improvement in the tax equivalent net interest margin. The tax equivalent net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2019 was 3.92% compared to 3.75% in 2018. The improvement in the net interest margin during 2019 compared to 2018 was related to improved earning asset yields partially offset by an increased cost of funds largely related to higher short-term market interest rates during much of 2019 compared with 2018. Also positively impacting the net interest margin was an increased level of accretion of loan discounts and recoveries on acquired loans. Accretion of loan discounts and recoveries on acquired loans contributed approximately 30 basis points to the net interest margin during 2019 and 8 basis points in 2018. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recorded a provision for loan loss of $5,325,000 compared with a provision for loan loss of $2,070,000 during 2018. The provision during both periods was done in accordance with the Company's standard methodology for determining the adequacy of its allowance for loan loss. During the year ended December 31, 2019, non-interest income increased $8,431,000, or 23%, from the year ended December 31, 2018. Year Ended Year Ended Non-interest Income 12/31/2019 12/31/2018 (dollars in thousands) Trust and Investment Product Fees $ 7,278 $ 6,680 Service Charges on Deposit Accounts 8,718 7,044 Insurance Revenues 8,940 8,330 Company Owned Life Insurance 2,005 1,243 Interchange Fee Income 9,450 7,278 Other Operating Income 3,229 2,785 Subtotal 39,620 33,360 Net Gains on Loans 4,633 3,004 Net Gains on Securities 1,248 706 Total Non-interest Income $ 45,501 $ 37,070 Trust and investment product fees increased $598,000, or 9%, during 2019 compared with 2018. The increase in 2019 compared with 2018 was largely attributable to increased assets under management in the Company's wealth management group. Service charges on deposit accounts increased $1,674,000, or 24%, during 2019 compared with 2018. The increase during 2019 compared with 2018 was primarily attributable to the acquisition activity completed during 2018 and 2019. Company owned life insurance revenue increased $762,000, or 61%, during 2019, compared with 2018. The increase was largely related to death benefits received from life insurance policies during 2019 with additional increases resulting from the acquisitions completed during 2018 and 2019. Interchange fees increased $2,172,000, or 30%, during 2019 compared to 2018. The increase during 2019 was largely attributable to increased card utilization by customers and the acquisition activity completed during 2018 and 2019. Net gains on sales of loans increased $1,629,000, or 54%, during 2019 compared with 2018. The increase in the net gain on sales of loans during 2019 compared with 2018 was largely attributable to the higher volume of loans sold. Loan sales totaled $185.4 million during 2019 and $135.3 million during 2018. During 2019, non-interest expense totaled $114,162,000, an increase of $20,609,000, or 22%, compared with 2018. The increase during 2019 was largely impacted by the inclusion of operating expenses related to the branch acquisition completed during the second quarter of 2018 as well as operating expenses related to the bank acquisitions completed in the fourth quarter of 2018 and third quarter of 2019. Acquisition-related expenses totaled $3,360,000 during 2019 and $4,592,000 during 2018. Year Ended Year Ended Non-interest Expense 12/31/2019 12/31/2018 (dollars in thousands) Salaries and Employee Benefits $ 63,885 $ 51,306 Occupancy, Furniture and Equipment Expense 13,776 10,877 FDIC Premiums 533 1,033 Data Processing Fees 7,927 6,942 Professional Fees 4,674 5,362 Advertising and Promotion 4,230 3,492 Intangible Amortization 3,721 1,752 Other Operating Expenses 15,416 12,789 Total Non-interest Expense $ 114,162 $ 93,553 Salaries and benefits increased $12,579,000, or 25%, during 2019 compared with 2018. The increase in salaries and benefits during 2019 compared with 2018 was largely attributable to an increased number of full-time equivalent employees due primarily to the acquisition transactions completed during 2018 and 2019. Occupancy, furniture and equipment expense increased $2,899,000, or 27%, during 2019 compared with 2018. The increase during 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to operating costs related to the acquisition activity during 2018 and 2019. FDIC premiums declined $500,000, or 48%, during 2019 compared with 2018. The decline in FDIC premiums is attributable to credits received from the FDIC in 2019. The credits received were due to the reserve ratio of the deposit insurance fund exceeding the FDIC's targeted levels. Data processing fees increased $985,000, or 14%, during 2019 compared with 2018. The increase in data processing fees during 2019 compared with 2018 was largely related to the on-going operating costs associated with the acquisitions completed during 2018 and 2019. Acquisition-related costs totaled $1,235,000 during 2019 and $2,002,000 during 2018. Professional fees declined $688,000, or 13%, during 2019 compared with 2018. The decline in professional fees during 2019 compared with 2018 was largely related to lower levels of merger and acquisition related professional fees. Merger and acquisition related professional fees totaled approximately $1,167,000 during 2019 compared to $1,738,000 during 2018. Intangible amortization increased $1,969,000, or 112%, during 2019 compared with 2018. The increase in intangible amortization was attributable to the previously discussed acquisitions completed during 2018 and 2019. Other operating expenses increased $2,627,000, or 21%, during 2019 compared with 2018. The increase during 2019 compared with 2018 was largely attributable to the operating costs related to the acquisitions completed in 2018 and 2019. Results of Operations Highlights Quarter ended December 31, 2019 Net income for the quarter ended December 31, 2019 totaled $15,820,000, or $0.59 per share, an increase of 20% on a per share basis compared with the third quarter 2019 net income of $13,064,000, or $0.49 per share, and an increase of 34% on a per share basis compared with the fourth quarter 2018 net income of $10,980,000, or $0.44 per share. The change in net income during the fourth quarter of 2019, compared with the fourth quarter of 2018, was largely impacted by the completed acquisition activity during 2018 and 2019. A detailed analysis of the factors impacting fourth quarter 2019 income and expenses, as compared to third quarter 2019, is included in the remaining discussion. Net income for each quarter presented was impacted by merger and acquisition activity during 2018 and 2019. The fourth quarter of 2019 results of operations included acquisition-related expenses of approximately $135,000 ($100,000 or less than $0.01 per share, on an after tax basis), while the third quarter of 2019 results of operations included acquisition-related expenses of approximately $2,258,000 ($1,696,000 or $0.06 per share, on an after tax basis) and the fourth quarter of 2018 included approximately $3,107,000 ($2,343,000 or $0.09 per share on an after tax basis). Summary Average Balance Sheet (Tax-equivalent basis / dollars in thousands) Quarter Ended Quarter Ended Quarter Ended December 31, 2019 September 30, 2019 December 31, 2018 Principal Balance Income/ Expense Yield/ Rate Principal Balance Income/ Expense Yield/ Rate Principal Balance Income/ Expense Yield/ Rate Assets Federal Funds Sold and Other Short-term Investments $ 31,521 $ 133 1.66 % $ 31,230 $ 163 2.07 % $ 20,925 $ 97 1.83 % Securities 866,889 6,462 2.98 % 870,369 6,472 2.97 % 812,191 6,447 3.18 % Loans and Leases 3,076,509 41,486 5.35 % 3,076,931 41,008 5.29 % 2,662,502 33,771 5.04 % Total Interest Earning Assets $ 3,974,919 $ 48,081 4.81 % $ 3,978,530 $ 47,643 4.76 % $ 3,495,618 $ 40,315 4.58 % Liabilities Demand Deposit Accounts $ 839,906 $ 797,337 $ 714,504 IB Demand, Savings, and MMDA Accounts $ 1,968,365 $ 3,220 0.65 % $ 1,946,219 $ 3,189 0.65 % $ 1,794,891 $ 2,808 0.62 % Time Deposits 679,005 3,011 1.76 % 725,347 3,210 1.75 % 593,615 2,151 1.44 % FHLB Advances and Other Borrowings 256,163 1,692 2.62 % 286,587 1,934 2.68 % 271,834 1,654 2.42 % Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities $ 2,903,533 $ 7,923 1.08 % $ 2,958,153 $ 8,333 1.12 % $ 2,660,340 $ 6,613 0.99 % Cost of Funds 0.79 % 0.83 % 0.75 % Net Interest Income $ 40,158 $ 39,310 $ 33,702 Net Interest Margin 4.02 % 3.93 % 3.83 % During the quarter ended December 31, 2019, net interest income totaled $39,415,000, an increase of $837,000, or 2%, compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2019 net interest income of $38,578,000. The increased level of net interest income during the fourth quarter of 2019 compared with the third quarter of 2019 was driven primarily by an increased tax equivalent net interest margin. The tax equivalent net interest margin for the quarter ended December 31, 2019 was 4.02% compared with 3.93% in the third quarter of 2019. Accretion of loan discounts and recoveries on acquired loans contributed approximately 36 basis points to the net interest margin on an annualized basis in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 24 basis points in the third quarter of 2019. During the quarter ended December 31, 2019, the Company recorded a provision for loan loss of $1,600,000 compared with $2,800,000 in the third quarter of 2019. The provision during both periods was done in accordance with the Company's standard methodology for determining the adequacy of its allowance for loan loss. Net charge-offs totaled $1,191,000 or 15 basis points on an annualized basis of average loans outstanding during the three months ended December 31, 2019, compared with $3,170,000 or 41 basis point on an annualized basis of average loans outstanding during third quarter of 2019. The majority of the net charge-offs during the fourth quarter of 2019 was attributable to a single, adversely classified commercial lending relationship. The higher level of net charge-offs during the third quarter of 2019 was primarily attributable to a partial charge-off on a single, adversely classified, commercial lending relationship. During the quarter ended December 31, 2019, non-interest income totaled $11,278,000, a decline of $778,000, or 6%, compared with the quarter ended September 30, 2019. Quarter Ended Quarter Ended Quarter Ended Non-interest Income 12/31/2019 9/30/2019 12/31/2018 (dollars in thousands) Trust and Investment Product Fees $ 1,913 $ 1,885 $ 1,645 Service Charges on Deposit Accounts 2,399 2,395 2,072 Insurance Revenues 1,923 1,883 1,877 Company Owned Life Insurance 453 364 420 Interchange Fee Income 2,485 2,538 2,235 Other Operating Income 868 1,029 629 Subtotal 10,041 10,094 8,878 Net Gains on Loans 973 1,649 583 Net Gains on Securities 264 313 272 Total Non-interest Income $ 11,278 $ 12,056 $ 9,733 Net gains on sales of loans declined $676,000, or 41%, during the fourth quarter of 2019 compared with the third quarter of 2019. The decline was primarily due to lower sales volume, decreased margins on loans sold, and a lower level of commitments to originate loans which resulted in a lower fair value adjustment on those commitments. Loan sales for the fourth quarter of 2019 totaled $56.6 million compared with $60.4 million during the third quarter of 2019. During the quarter ended December 31, 2019, non-interest expense totaled $29,824,000, a decline of $2,137,000, or 7%, compared with the quarter ended September 30, 2019. The fourth quarter of 2019 included acquisition-related expenses of $135,000 while the third quarter of 2019 included acquisition-related expenses of approximately $2,258,000. Quarter Ended Quarter Ended Quarter Ended Non-interest Expense 12/31/2019 9/30/2019 12/31/2018 (dollars in thousands) Salaries and Employee Benefits $ 17,145 $ 17,579 $ 15,027 Occupancy, Furniture and Equipment Expense 3,594 3,751 3,203 FDIC Premiums 234 Data Processing Fees 1,681 2,860 3,108 Professional Fees 849 1,324 2,337 Advertising and Promotion 1,370 1,054 1,083 Intangible Amortization 1,012 1,064 810 Other Operating Expenses 4,173 4,329 4,012 Total Non-interest Expense $ 29,824 $ 31,961 $ 29,814 Salaries and benefits declined $434,000, or 2%, during the quarter ended December 31, 2019 compared with the third quarter of 2019. The decline in salaries and benefits during the fourth quarter of 2019 compared with the third quarter of 2019 was largely attributable to a decline in acquisition related salary and benefit costs incurred during the third quarter of 2019. The third quarter of 2019 included approximately $695,000 of acquisition-related salary and benefit costs of a non-recurring nature. Data processing fees declined $1,179,000, or 41%, during the fourth quarter of 2019 compared with the third quarter of 2019. The decline during the fourth quarter of 2019 compared with the third quarter of 2019 was largely driven by acquisition-related costs which totaled approximately $999,000 during the third quarter of 2019 and only $3,000 during the fourth quarter of 2019. Professional fees declined $475,000, or 36%, during the fourth quarter of 2019 compared with the third quarter of 2019. The decline during the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to the third quarter of 2019 was due in large part to professional fees related to merger and acquisition activity. Merger and acquisition-related professional fees totaled approximately $53,000 during the fourth quarter of 2019 compared with approximately $401,000 in the third quarter of 2019. About German American German American Bancorp, Inc. is a Nasdaq-traded (symbol: GABC) financial holding company based in Jasper, Indiana. German American, through its banking subsidiary German American Bank, operates 76 banking offices in 20 contiguous southern Indiana counties, seven counties in Kentucky and one county in Tennessee. The Company also owns an investment brokerage subsidiary (German American Investment Services, Inc.) and a full line property and casualty insurance agency (German American Insurance, Inc.). Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Readers are cautioned that, by their nature, forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Actual results and experience could differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including but not limited to, those discussed in this press release. Factors that could cause actual experience to differ from the expectations expressed or implied in this press release include the unknown future direction of interest rates and the timing and magnitude of any changes in interest rates; changes in competitive conditions; the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of asset/liability management strategies or of mergers and acquisitions and other business initiatives and strategies; changes in customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices; changes in fiscal, monetary and tax policies; changes in financial and capital markets; potential deterioration in general economic conditions, either nationally or locally, resulting in, among other things, credit quality deterioration; capital management activities, including possible future sales of new securities, or possible repurchases or redemptions by the Company of outstanding debt or equity securities; risks of expansion through acquisitions and mergers, such as unexpected credit quality problems of the acquired loans or other assets, unexpected attrition of the customer base of the acquired institution or branches, and difficulties in integration of the acquired operations; factors driving impairment charges on investments; the impact, extent and timing of technological changes; potential cyber-attacks, information security breaches and other criminal activities; litigation liabilities, including related costs, expenses, settlements and judgments, or the outcome of matters before regulatory agencies, whether pending or commencing in the future; actions of the Federal Reserve Board; changes in accounting principles and interpretations; potential increases of federal deposit insurance premium expense, and possible future special assessments of FDIC premiums, either industry wide or specific to the Company s banking subsidiary; actions of the regulatory authorities under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act") and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and other possible legislative and regulatory actions and reforms; impacts resulting from possible amendments or revisions to the Dodd-Frank Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, or to Consumer Financial Protection Bureau rules and regulations; the continued availability of earnings and excess capital sufficient for the lawful and prudent declaration and payment of cash dividends; and other risk factors expressly identified in the Company s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Such statements reflect our views with respect to future events and are subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to the operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity of the Company. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. It is intended that these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. GERMAN AMERICAN BANCORP, INC. (unaudited, dollars in thousands except per share data) Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2019 September 30, 2019 December 31, 2018 ASSETS Cash and Due from Banks $ 59,971 $ 64,791 $ 64,549 Short-term Investments 45,898 26,328 32,251 Investment Securities 855,178 849,798 812,964 Loans Held-for-Sale 17,713 19,156 4,263 Loans, Net of Unearned Income 3,077,091 3,056,907 2,728,059 Allowance for Loan Losses (16,278 ) (15,869 ) (15,823 ) Net Loans 3,060,813 3,041,038 2,712,236 Stock in FHLB and Other Restricted Stock 13,968 13,968 13,048 Premises and Equipment 96,651 98,754 80,627 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 133,962 133,818 113,645 Other Assets 112,444 108,231 95,507 TOTAL ASSETS $ 4,396,598 $ 4,355,882 $ 3,929,090 LIABILITIES Non-interest-bearing Demand Deposits $ 832,985 $ 827,259 $ 715,972 Interest-bearing Demand, Savings, and Money Market Accounts 1,965,640 1,910,395 1,768,177 Time Deposits 631,396 693,632 588,483 Total Deposits 3,430,021 3,431,286 3,072,632 Borrowings 349,686 316,687 376,409 Other Liabilities 43,071 44,982 21,409 TOTAL LIABILITIES 3,822,778 3,792,955 3,470,450 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Common Stock and Surplus 305,625 305,270 254,314 Retained Earnings 253,090 241,801 211,424 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 15,105 15,856 (7,098 ) SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 573,820 562,927 458,640 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 4,396,598 $ 4,355,882 $ 3,929,090 END OF PERIOD SHARES OUTSTANDING 26,671,368 26,662,078 24,967,458 TANGIBLE BOOK VALUE PER SHARE (1) $ 16.49 $ 16.09 $ 13.81 (1) Tangible Book Value per Share is defined as Total Shareholders' Equity less Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets divided by End of Period Shares Outstanding. GERMAN AMERICAN BANCORP, INC. (unaudited, dollars in thousands except per share data) Consolidated Statements of Income Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2019 September 30, 2019 December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018 INTEREST INCOME Interest and Fees on Loans $ 41,395 $ 40,921 $ 33,678 $ 152,481 $ 112,084 Interest on Short-term Investments 133 163 97 522 308 Interest and Dividends on Investment Securities 5,810 5,827 5,821 23,471 21,357 TOTAL INTEREST INCOME 47,338 46,911 39,596 176,474 133,749 INTEREST EXPENSE Interest on Deposits 6,231 6,399 4,959 23,805 13,625 Interest on Borrowings 1,692 1,934 1,654 7,444 5,514 TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE 7,923 8,333 6,613 31,249 19,139 NET INTEREST INCOME 39,415 38,578 32,983 145,225 114,610 Provision for Loan Losses 1,600 2,800 5,325 2,070 NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES 37,815 35,778 32,983 139,900 112,540 NON-INTEREST INCOME Net Gain on Sales of Loans 973 1,649 583 4,633 3,004 Net Gain on Securities 264 313 272 1,248 706 Other Non-interest Income 10,041 10,094 8,878 39,620 33,360 TOTAL NON-INTEREST INCOME 11,278 12,056 9,733 45,501 37,070 NON-INTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and Benefits 17,145 17,579 15,027 63,885 51,306 Other Non-interest Expenses 12,679 14,382 14,787 50,277 42,247 TOTAL NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 29,824 31,961 29,814 114,162 93,553 Income before Income Taxes 19,269 15,873 12,902 71,239 56,057 Income Tax Expense 3,449 2,809 1,922 12,017 9,528 NET INCOME $ 15,820 $ 13,064 $ 10,980 $ 59,222 $ 46,529 BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 0.59 $ 0.49 $ 0.44 $ 2.29 $ 1.99 DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 0.59 $ 0.49 $ 0.44 $ 2.29 $ 1.99 WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING 26,663,405 26,643,064 24,962,878 25,824,538 23,381,616 DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING 26,663,405 26,643,064 24,962,878 25,824,538 23,381,616 GERMAN AMERICAN BANCORP, INC. (unaudited, dollars in thousands except per share data) Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31, September 30, December 31, December 31, December 31, 2019 2019 2018 2019 2018 EARNINGS PERFORMANCE RATIOS Annualized Return on Average Assets 1.45 % 1.20 % 1.15 % 1.43 % 1.38 % Annualized Return on Average Equity 11.14 % 9.37 % 10.05 % 11.41 % 12.07 % Net Interest Margin 4.02 % 3.93 % 3.83 % 3.92 % 3.75 % Efficiency Ratio (1) 57.98 % 62.22 % 68.64 % 58.96 % 60.59 % Net Overhead Expense to Average Earning Assets (2) 1.87 % 2.00 % 2.30 % 1.82 % 1.81 % ASSET QUALITY RATIOS Annualized Net Charge-offs to Average Loans 0.15 % 0.41 % 0.03 % 0.17 % 0.08 % Allowance for Loan Losses to Period End Loans 0.53 % 0.52 % 0.58 % Non-performing Assets to Period End Assets 0.33 % 0.32 % 0.34 % Non-performing Loans to Period End Loans 0.45 % 0.44 % 0.48 % Loans 30-89 Days Past Due to Period End Loans 0.45 % 0.30 % 0.54 % SELECTED BALANCE SHEET & OTHER FINANCIAL DATA Average Assets $ 4,355,980 $ 4,355,111 $ 3,384,251 $ 4,128,535 $ 3,380,409 Average Earning Assets $ 3,974,919 $ 3,978,530 $ 3,495,618 $ 3,778,562 $ 3,126,037 Average Total Loans $ 3,076,509 $ 3,076,931 $ 2,662,502 $ 2,899,939 $ 2,339,089 Average Demand Deposits $ 839,906 $ 797,337 $ 714,504 $ 761,515 $ 640,865 Average Interest Bearing Liabilities $ 2,903,533 $ 2,958,153 $ 2,660,340 $ 2,812,094 $ 2,333,584 Average Equity $ 567,897 $ 557,447 $ 437,177 $ 519,010 $ 385,476 Period End Non-performing Assets (3) $ 14,417 $ 14,137 $ 13,498 Period End Non-performing Loans (4) $ 13,992 $ 13,512 $ 13,212 Period End Loans 30-89 Days Past Due (5) $ 13,959 $ 9,054 $ 14,815 Tax Equivalent Net Interest Income $ 40,158 $ 39,310 $ 33,702 $ 148,115 $ 117,345 Net Charge-offs during Period $ 1,191 $ 3,170 $ 228 $ 4,870 $ 1,941 (1) Efficiency Ratio is defined as Non-interest Expense divided by the sum of Net Interest Income, on a tax equivalent basis, and Non-interest Income. (2) Net Overhead Expense is defined as Total Non-interest Expense less Total Non-interest Income. (3) Non-performing assets are defined as Non-accrual Loans, Loans Past Due 90 days or more, and Other Real Estate Owned. (4) Non-performing loans are defined as Non-accrual Loans and Loans Past Due 90 days or more. (5) Loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing. For additional information, contact: Mark A Schroeder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of German American Bancorp, Inc. Bradley M Rust, Executive Vice President/CFO of German American Bancorp, Inc. (812) 482-1314

OneSmart Announces US$30 Million Share Repurchase Program SHANGHAI, Oct. 5, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- OneSmart International Education Group Limited (NYSE: ONE) ("OneSmart" or the "Company"), the largest premium K-12 after-school education service provider in China, today announced that its board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to US$30.0 million worth of its shares over the next 12 months, subject to market conditions. Share repurchases may be made by the Company from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, block transactions, and/or in privately negotiated transactions and are subject to relevant rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Act"). The Company will also effect repurchase transactions in compliance with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Act and the Company's insider trading policy. OneSmart's board of directors will review the share repurchase program periodically, and may authorize adjustments of its terms and size. The Company plans to fund repurchases from its existing cash balance or future cash generated by operating activities. As of May 31, 2018, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of RMB1,513.3 million (US$236.1 million) and short-term investments of RMB841.1 million (US$131.2 million). Mr. Steve Xi Zhang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of OneSmart, commented, "This share repurchase program reflects the confidence that the Board and management have in OneSmart's future business prospects, operating fundamentals and strategy to further strengthen our leadership position in China's premium education market. We are pleased that our strong cash generating capabilities enable us to create and return long-term sustainable value for our shareholders." About OneSmart Founded in 2008 and headquartered in Shanghai, OneSmart International Education Group Limited is the largest premium K-12 after-school education service provider in China in terms of revenue in 2016 and 2017, according to Frost & Sullivan. Since commencement of our business, our vision is to build the most trusted "Third Classroom" outside of home and school and our mission is to bring out the utmost learning power in each student by cultivating his or her study motivation, capability and perseverance, and enable our students to pursue their life-long success. Our company culture is centered on the core values of customer focus, execution, innovation and teamwork. The Company has built a comprehensive premium K-12 after-school education platform that encompasses OneSmart VIP (exam preparation services for students from 3rd to 12th grade), HappyMath (kids mathematics services for children aged 3 to 8 years old) and FasTrack English (kids English services for children aged 3 to 8 years old). As of May 31, 2018, OneSmart operated a nationwide network of 302 study centers across 43 cities in China. For more information on OneSmart, please visit http://www.onesmart.investorroom.com. For more information, please contact: OneSmartMs. Rebecca Shen+86-21-5255-9339 ext. 8139[email protected] Christensen In ChinaMr. Christian ArnellPhone: +86-10-5826-4939E-mail: [email protected] In the USMs. Linda BergkampPhone: +1-480-614-3004Email: [email protected] SOURCE OneSmart International Education Group Limited Related Links http://www.onesmart.investorroom.com

Student Transportation Inc. to be Acquired by a Group of Investors led by CDPQ Student Transportation Inc. shareholders to receive US$7.50 per common share in cash, reflecting a premium of 27% to the 20 day volume weighted average price per common share on the Toronto Stock Exchange for the period ending February 27, 2018 WALL,N.J., Feb. 27, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Student Transportation Inc. ( STI or the Company ) (TSX:STB) (NASDAQ:STB) today announced that it entered into a definitive agreement (the Arrangement Agreement ) with a company (the Purchaser ) sponsored by Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec ( CDPQ ) and Ullico Inc. ( Ullico , and together with CDPQ, the Purchaser Group ) pursuant to which the Purchaser Group will acquire all of the Company s outstanding common shares (other than common shares already owned by the Purchaser Group) by way of a plan of arrangement (the Arrangement ) under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). Transaction Highlights Shareholders of STI will receive US$7.50 per common share in cash, representing a 27% premium to the 20-day volume weighted average price per common share on the Toronto Stock Exchange for the period ending February 27, 2018, based on an exchange rate of $1.2776 Canadian dollars per U.S. dollars as of February 27, 2018; Holders of STI s 6.25% Convertible Unsecured Subordinated Debentures ( 2013 Debentures ) will receive the product of US$7.50 and the number of Common Shares that the holders would be entitled to receive upon the conversion of their 2013 Debentures in accordance with their terms immediately following the closing date of the Arrangement (the Closing Date ), including those issuable upon a Cash Change of Control , plus the sum of (i) accrued and unpaid interest on such debentures up to but excluding the Closing Date and (ii) the interest that would have otherwise accrued from and including the Closing Date to (but excluding) 32 days thereafter; Holders of STI s 5.25% Convertible Unsecured Subordinated Debentures ( 2016 Debentures ) will receive the product of US$7.50 and the number of Common Shares that the holders would be entitled to receive upon the conversion of their 2016 Debentures in accordance with their terms immediately following the Closing Date, including those issuable upon a Cash Change of Control , plus the sum of (i) accrued and unpaid interest on such debentures up to but excluding the Closing Date and (ii) the interest that would have otherwise accrued from and including the Closing Date to (but excluding) 32 days thereafter. "We are pleased to present an opportunity to the securityholders of the Company to receive a very attractive valuation and significant premium to the trading price of the Company s shares," commented George Rossi, Chairman of the Special Committee of STI. "After careful deliberation, the Special Committee and Company s Board of Directors have unanimously concluded that the transaction is in the best interests of the Company and is fair to the Company s shareholders." "This transaction presents a compelling opportunity for our investors to monetize their investment at an attractive price. CDPQ has been invested in our company for 16 years and for most of that time as our largest shareholder. We will continue to be the North American leader in student transportation and our unwavering commitment to our employees, customers, safety, service and innovation will remain unchanged," added Denis J. Gallagher, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of STI. Over the years, CDPQ has been one of Student Transportation s largest shareholders. This transaction represents a significant new step in our relationship with the company, and we look forward to working with the management team for years to come, said Macky Tall, Executive Vice-President, Infrastructure, CDPQ, and President & CEO, CDPQ Infra. Ullico is pleased to partner with CDPQ to invest in this transaction and has been impressed with the dedication and accomplishments of STI s management and workforce, said Rohit Syal, Head of Acquisitions for Ullico s Infrastructure Business. Recommendation of the Board and the Special Committee The Board of Directors of STI (the Board ), after consultation with financial and legal advisors, and based on the unanimous recommendation of a special committee of the Board (the Special Committee ) comprised entirely of independent directors, has unanimously approved the Arrangement, has unanimously determined that the Arrangement is in the best interests of the Company, and recommends that the Company s shareholders vote in favour of the Arrangement. Scotiabank has also provided the Special Committee and the Board with its opinion that the consideration to be received by holders of Company s common shares, other than the common shares owned by the Purchaser Group, is fair, from a financial point of view, to such shareholders. Each of the directors and executive officers of the Company have entered into support agreements to vote their common shares in support of the Arrangement. The Arrangement Agreement The Arrangement Agreement provides that the implementation of the Arrangement is subject to customary closing conditions, including court approval of the Arrangement, approval of two-thirds of the votes cast by holders of common shares in person or by proxy at a special meeting of STI s shareholders and approval under the Canadian Competition Act and U.S. HSR Act. The parties expect to close the transaction by the end of the second quarter of 2018. The Arrangement Agreement is subject to customary non-solicitation provisions, including STI s right to consider and accept superior proposals, subject to a right to match in favour of the Purchaser. A termination payment of US$28.4 million will be payable by STI to the Purchaser Group should the transaction not close in certain circumstances, including if the Arrangement is not completed as a result of a superior proposal. Part of the consideration is to be funded with equity commitments from the Purchaser Group. The remainder of the consideration will be funded with committed debt financing by BMO Capital Markets. CDPQ currently owns approximately 8.4% of the outstanding common shares of the Company. Further information regarding the Arrangement will be included in STI s management information circular, which will be mailed to STI s shareholders in due course. Copies of the Arrangement Agreement and the management information circular will be available on the SEDAR website at www.sedar.com, the SEC s EDGAR website at www.sec.gov, or through the Company s website at www.rideSTBus.com. Advisors Scotiabank is acting as financial advisor to the Special Committee and providing a fairness opinion and Goodmans LLP is acting as legal counsel to the Special Committee and STI. BMO Capital Markets is acting as exclusive financial advisor to the Purchaser and Torys LLP is acting as legal counsel to the Purchaser. About Student Transportation Inc. Founded in 1997, STI is an industry leader in school transportation, safety and fleet services. STI operates more than 13,500 vehicles, providing customers with the highest level of safe and reliable student transportation, management, logistics and technology solutions throughout the U.S. and Canada. Services are delivered by drivers, dispatchers, maintenance technicians, managers, information technology professionals and others, who are caring members of their local communities. For more information, please visit www.rideSTBus.com. About Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec (CDPQ) CDPQ is a long-term institutional investor that manages funds primarily for public and parapublic pension and insurance plans. As at December 31, 2017, it held CA$ 298.5 billion (US$ 238.2 billion) in net assets. As one of Canada's leading institutional fund managers, CDPQ invests globally in major financial markets, private equity, infrastructure, real estate and private debt. For more information, visit www.cdpq.com . About Ullico Inc. For more than 90 years, Ullico, the only labor-owned insurance and investment company, has been a proud partner of the labor movement, keeping union families safe and secure. From insurance products that protect union members, leaders and employers, to investments in building projects that have created thousands of union jobs, our customers continue to trust us with protecting their families, employees and investments. Through its infrastructure business, Ullico invests across all core sectors of infrastructure, including transportation, water, waste water, electricity transmission, and power generation. For more information, visit www.ullico.com. Forward-Looking Statements The information in this press release includes certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. More particularly and without limitation, this press release contains forward-looking statements and information concerning: the anticipated benefits of the Arrangement to the parties and to STI s shareholders and debentureholders; the anticipated receipt of required regulatory, court and shareholder approvals for the transaction; the ability of the parties to satisfy the other conditions to, and to complete, the Arrangement; the mailing of the management information circular; and the anticipated timing of the closing of the Arrangement. Forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the operations, business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook for STI. Forward-looking statements may in some cases be identified by words such as will, plans, believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, projects, intends, should or the negative of these terms, or similar expressions. Except as required by applicable securities laws, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and STI undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In respect of the forward-looking statements and information concerning the anticipated benefits and completion of the proposed Arrangement and the anticipated timing for completion of the Arrangement, STI and the Purchaser have provided such in reliance on certain assumptions that they believe are reasonable at this time, including assumptions as to the time required to prepare and mail shareholder meeting materials; the ability of the parties to receive, in a timely manner and on satisfactory terms, the necessary regulatory, court and shareholder approvals; the ability of the parties to satisfy, in a timely manner, the other conditions to the closing of the Arrangement; the ability of the Purchaser to obtain the debt financing; other expectations and assumptions concerning the Arrangement; and other factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors in STI s annual information form dated September 28, 2017 (available under STI s SEDAR profile at www.sedar.com). The anticipated dates provided may change for a number of reasons, including unforeseen delays in preparing shareholder meeting materials, the inability to secure necessary shareholder, regulatory, court or other third party approvals in the time assumed or the need for additional time to satisfy the other conditions to the completion of the Arrangement. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements and information contained in this press release. Since forward-looking statements and information address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors and risks. Risks and uncertainties inherent in the nature of the Arrangement include the failure of STI and the Purchaser to obtain necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals, including those noted above, or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the Arrangement, in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to so obtain such approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to or complete the Arrangement, may result in the Arrangement not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. Company Contacts: Doug Coupe Director of Communications & Investor Relations Student Transportation Inc. dcoupe@ridesta.com 843.884.2720 Thomas Kominsky Chief Growth Officer Student Transportation, Inc. tkominsky@ridesta.com 843-884-2720 x 242 CDPQ Contacts: Canada Jean-Beno t Houde Senior Advisor Media and Public Relations +1 514 847 5493 +1 514 652-4344 jbhoude@cdpq.com International Cesaltine Gregorio Senior Advisory Director, Global Media Relations +1 212 596 6314 +1 347 241 3248 cgregorio@cdpq.com

INSYS Therapeutics, Inc. Receives Court Approval of First Day Motions Operations to Continue in the Ordinary Course During Court Supervised Process PHOENIX, June 12, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- INSYS Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: INSY) ( INSYS or the Company ), a specialty pharmaceutical development and distribution company, announced that on June 11, 2019 INSYS received interim approvals from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware for its First Day motions related to the Chapter 11 petitions filed on June 10, 2019. Andrew G. Long, Chief Executive Officer of INSYS Therapeutics, Inc., said, This is an important step forward in our court-supervised process, which is intended to fairly and transparently address the Company s legacy legal liabilities. I would like to thank our team for their continued hard work and dedication as we move forward with our asset sale process. The Court granted INSYS interim approval to continue its existing cash management system to collect and disburse cash generated by the business. In addition, INSYS received Court approval to, among other things, continue payment of employee wages and benefits and to continue programs offered to customers. The Company also received approval to continue to pay vendors and other providers essential to the Company s operations in full for goods and services provided after the Chapter 11 filing. Court documents and additional information can be found at a website administered by INSYS claims agent, Epiq, at https://dm.epiq11.com/Insys or by calling the Company s Restructuring Hotline, toll-free in the U.S., at (855) 424-7683. For calls originating outside of the U.S., please dial +1 (503) 520-4461. Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP is serving as legal counsel to INSYS, Lazard Fr res & Co. LLC is serving as investment banker, and FTI Consulting, Inc. is serving as financial advisor. About INSYS INSYS Therapeutics is a specialty pharmaceutical company using proprietary technology and capabilities to develop and commercialize innovative pharmaceutical products intended to address unmet medical needs and the clinical shortcomings of existing commercial products. Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, continue, intend or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release that address activities, events or developments that the Company expects, believes, targets or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. The Company s actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks and other factors, which could include the following: risks and uncertainties relating to the Chapter 11 Cases, including but not limited to, the Company s ability to obtain Court approval with respect to motions in the Chapter 11 Cases, the effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on the Company and on the interests of various constituents, Court rulings in the Chapter 11 Cases and the outcome of the Chapter 11 Cases in general, the length of time the Company will operate under the Chapter 11 Cases, risks associated with third-party motions in the Chapter 11 Cases, the potential adverse effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on the Company s liquidity or results of operations and increased legal and other professional costs necessary to execute the Company s reorganization; the effects of disruption from the Chapter 11 Cases making it more difficult to maintain business and operational relationships, to retain key executives and to maintain various licenses and approvals necessary for the Company to conduct its business; uncertainty associated with the Company s ability to complete the sale of its assets as contemplated by the Chapter 11 Cases; trading price and volatility of the Company s common stock and the ability of the Company to remain listed on Nasdaq as well as other risk factors set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company therefore cautions readers against relying on these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on the Company s behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. All such statements speak only as of the date made, and, except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Contact: Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Jackie Marcus or Chris Hodges Alpha IR Group 312-445-2870 INSY@alpha-ir.com or Michael Freitag / Matthew Gross / Andrew Squire Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher 212-355-4449

Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. to Acquire Hamilton Bancorp, Inc. SHIPPENSBURG, Pa., Oct. 23, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. (NASDAQ: ORRF) ( Orrstown ) and Hamilton Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: HBK) ( Hamilton ) today announced the signing of a definitive agreement under which Hamilton will merge with and into Orrstown. Hamilton shareholders will receive a combination of stock and cash currently valued at $58.5 million. Under the terms of the agreement, Hamilton shareholders will receive 0.54 shares of Orrstown common stock and $4.10 per share in cash for each share of Hamilton common stock owned by them. The cash consideration is subject to reduction based on potential losses, write-downs, or reserves related to certain identified loans. The transaction is intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes. The combination is expected to create significant value for both Orrstown and Hamilton shareholders. Including the impact of merger-related benefits and charges, the transaction is projected to result in earnings per share accretion of approximately 8% in 2020, with an internal rate of return of approximately 18.6% and a tangible book value earn back period of approximately 1.3 years. Upon completion of the transaction, the combined company is expected to have approximately $2.5 billion in assets, $1.7 billion in loans and $2.1 billion in deposits. With its combined lending teams, business development officers, and branch network in south central Pennsylvania and Maryland, the combined organization will be better positioned to serve the businesses and consumers in its marketplaces. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2019. Following the closing, one of Hamilton s current directors, to be mutually agreed upon, will be added to the boards of directors of Orrstown and Orrstown Bank. In addition, Ellen R. Fish, Executive Vice President of Hamilton, will join Orrstown as Executive Vice President and Senior Lender for the Greater Baltimore region. We are thrilled to welcome Hamilton Bank to the Orrstown family, said Thomas R. Quinn, Jr., President and CEO of Orrstown. By joining Hamilton and Orrstown together, our institutions, shareholders, and customers will benefit greatly from our expanded footprint, enhanced products and services, and robust technology offerings. As Orrstown marks its 100th anniversary in 2019, we will continue to remain true to our community banking roots in all of the markets we serve. This merger affords us an immediate presence in one of the most populous regions in the country, and in a market that is strategically situated for Orrstown s future growth. I would like to personally thank Bob DeAlmeida and his team for their leadership throughout this process and for their continued support during the upcoming transition. Bob DeAlmeida, President and CEO of Hamilton, added, I am proud of the Hamilton team and the many years of service to our customers. We built and grew a great bank. Today, I am excited to announce the partnership with Orrstown that will allow us to better serve our customers through expanded products and services. This merger will result in a stronger competitive bank in the Baltimore area which is focused on providing a great customer experience. Our goal, through the combination of Hamilton and Orrstown, is to build an incredibly strong community bank which has the size and resources to meet the needs of our customers today and well into the future. The definitive agreement has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of Orrstown and Hamilton. The completion of the transaction is subject to Hamilton s stockholder approval and customary regulatory approvals. All Hamilton directors, who own shares of Hamilton s outstanding common stock, have entered into voting agreements to vote their shares in favor of the transaction. Hovde Group, LLC served as financial advisor and Goodwin Procter LLP served as legal counsel to Orrstown. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. served as financial advisor and Luse Gorman, P.C. served as legal counsel to Hamilton. About Orrstown With approximately $1.9 billion in assets following the acquisition of Mercersburg Financial Corporation on October 1, 2018, Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Orrstown Bank and Wheatland Advisors, Inc., provide a wide range of consumer and business financial services through banking and financial advisory offices in Berks, Cumberland, Dauphin, Franklin, Lancaster, Perry, and York Counties, Pennsylvania and Washington County, Maryland. Orrstown Bank is an Equal Housing Lender and its deposits are insured up to the legal maximum by the FDIC. Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. s common stock is traded on NASDAQ (ORRF). For more information about Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. and Orrstown Bank, visit www.orrstown.com. For more information about Wheatland Advisors, Inc., visit www.wheatlandadvisors.com. About Hamilton Founded in 1915, Hamilton Bank is a community bank with $525.3 million in assets and $54.9 million in shareholders equity. The bank has 72 full-time equivalent employees and operates seven branch locations across Greater Baltimore, serving the communities of Cockeysville, Pasadena, Rosedale, Towson, Ellicott City, and Baltimore in Maryland. Whether online or on the corner, Hamilton Bank is a community bank that cares about its customers. For more information about Hamilton, visit www.Hamilton-Bank.com. Special Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding the anticipated closing date of the transaction, estimated cost savings, tangible book value dilution and expected earn-back, the amount of accretion of the transaction to Orrstown s earnings, internal rate of return, return on average assets and return on tangible common equity, and reflect the current views of Orrstown s management with respect to, among other things, future events and Orrstown s financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, should, could, predict, potential, believe, will likely result, expect, continue, will, anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, project, forecast, goal, target, would, and outlook, or the negative variations of those words or other comparable words of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about Orrstown s industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond Orrstown s control. Accordingly, Orrstown cautions you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although Orrstown believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others listed in Orrstown s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, could cause the actual results of Orrstown s operations to differ materially from expectations: failure to obtain the approval of the shareholders of Hamilton in connection with the proposed acquisition; the timing to consummate the proposed acquisition; the risk that a condition to closing of the proposed acquisition may not be satisfied; the risk that a regulatory approval that may be required for the proposed acquisition is not obtained or is obtained subject to conditions that are not anticipated; the parties ability to achieve the synergies and value creation contemplated by the proposed acquisition; the parties ability to successfully integrate operations in the proposed acquisition; the effect of the announcement of the proposed acquisition on the ability of Hamilton to maintain relationships with its key partners, customers and employees, and on its operating results and business generally; competition; changes in economic conditions, interest rates and financial markets; and changes in legislation or regulatory requirements. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if Orrstown s underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what Orrstown anticipates. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and Orrstown does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is not possible for Orrstown to predict those events or how they may affect it. In addition, Orrstown cannot assess the impact of each factor on Orrstown s business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that Orrstown or persons acting on Orrstown s behalf may issue. Annualized, pro forma, projected, and estimated numbers are used for illustrative purposes only, are not forecasts and may not reflect actual results. In addition, please refer to the Risk Factors listed in Orrstown s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Non-GAAP Financial Measures This document makes references to non-GAAP financial measures incorporating tangible equity and related measures. These measures are commonly used by investors in evaluating business combinations and financial conditions. The calculation of tangible book value dilution includes transaction costs related to the business combination, including professional fees, severance, contract terminations, system conversion costs, and other one-time costs of the transaction. These costs are subtracted from equity as if they are all recorded by Orrstown at the time the acquisition is completed. These adjustments are stated net of a tax benefit based on the estimated tax deductibility of the projected costs. Transaction costs are not included in reference to related earnings, including references to earnings accretion and cost save estimates. Orrstown anticipates that the transaction costs will total $7.4 million, pre-tax. It is presently undetermined as to which of these transaction costs will be recorded by Orrstown and which will be recorded by Hamilton. Accordingly, Orrstown is presently unable to estimate GAAP earnings related measures. Non-GAAP measures are not a substitute for GAAP measures; they should be read and used in conjunction with Orrstown s GAAP financial information. In all cases, it should be understood that non-GAAP per share measures do not depict amounts that accrue directly to the benefit of shareholders. Additional Information and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed acquisition, Orrstown will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that will include a Proxy Statement of Hamilton and a Prospectus of Orrstown as well as other relevant documents concerning the proposed acquisition. Investors and stockholders are encouraged to read the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement/Prospectus regarding the proposed acquisition when it becomes available and any other relevant documents filed with the SEC, as well as any amendments or supplements to those documents. A free copy of the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement/Prospectus, as well as other filings containing information about Orrstown and Hamilton, may be obtained from the SEC s website, www.sec.gov as they become available. Copies of the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement/Prospectus (when available) and the filings that will be incorporated therein by reference may also be obtained, free of charge, from Orrstown s website, www.orrstown.com, or by contacting Orrstown s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, David P. Boyle, at (717) 530-2294. Certain Information Regarding Participants Orrstown and Hamilton and their respective directors, executive officers, other members of management, and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Hamilton shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction. You can find information about Hamilton s and Orrstown s executive officers and directors in the materials filed by Hamilton and Orrstown with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of those participants and other persons who may be deemed participants in the transaction and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, may be obtained by reading the proxy statement filed by Hamilton with the SEC on July 19, 2018 and other relevant documents regarding the proposed merger to be filed with the SEC. Free copies of these documents may be obtained as described in the preceding paragraph.

Ares Management Corporation to Acquire Seven CLO Contracts Through a Managing Interest in Crestline Denali Capital All Cash Transaction Will Add $2.6 Billion in Assets Under Management LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ares Management Corporation (NYSE: ARES) ( Ares ) announced today that its subsidiary has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a managing interest in a restructured Crestline Denali Capital ( Crestline Denali ) that will result in the addition of seven collateralized loan obligation funds ( CLOs ) totaling $2.6 billion of assets under management to the Ares portfolio. Crestline Denali, a Chicago area-based firm specializing in the management of non-investment grade bank loans, will retain its equity interest in its CLOs. Ares CLOs are managed by its Credit Group, which had $106 billion in assets under management as of September 30, 2019. Ares believes that the all-cash transaction will further strengthen its leading global CLO franchise and increase its CLO assets under management by $2.6 billion without the assumption of any debt or headcount. The purchase price was not disclosed. We believe the opportunity to become the manager of these CLOs is a compelling investment opportunity for us given our deep credit expertise and extensive CLO management capabilities, said Kipp deVeer, Partner and Head of the Ares Credit Group. We have known the Crestline Denali team for many years and we share a similar approach and philosophy towards credit investing, which we believe has been critical in their successful management of their investors capital. This transaction will allow the capabilities, scale and experience of Ares to benefit all investors, said John Cochran, the Chief Operating Officer of Crestline Investors, Inc. and representative for Crestline Denali. As continued investors in these CLOs, we look forward to our future, collective success. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020 and is subject to customary closing conditions. Berkshire Global Advisors served as financial advisor and Winston & Strawn LLP served as legal counsel to Crestline Denali. Latham & Watkins LLP served as legal counsel to Ares. About Ares Management Corporation Ares Management Corporation (NYSE: ARES) is a leading global alternative investment manager operating three integrated businesses across Credit, Private Equity and Real Estate. Ares Management s investment groups collaborate to deliver innovative investment solutions and consistent and attractive investment returns for fund investors throughout market cycles. Ares Management s global platform had $144 billion of assets under management as of September 30, 2019 with approximately 1,200 employees in over 20 offices in more than 10 countries. Please visit www.aresmgmt.com for additional information. About Crestline Denali Crestline Denali Capital L.P. (Crestline Denali) is a specialized asset management company located in Oak Brook, Illinois. Crestline Denali manages portfolios of leveraged commercial loans and related assets on behalf of investors. Founded in 2001 as Denali Capital LLC, Crestline Denali has approximately $2.6 billion in assets under management across seven collateralized loan obligation funds as of December 2019. Crestline Denali endeavors to provide its investors superior results by deploying a selective, issuer-orientated, fundamental credit strategy while seeking to build well diversified portfolios. Forward-Looking Statements Statements included herein may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those described from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Ares Management Corporation undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statements made herein.

Casa Systems Increases GAAP Revenue Guidance for Fiscal Year 2019 and Announces CFO Transition ANDOVER, Mass., Jan. 24, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Casa Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq:CASA), a leading provider of converged broadband infrastructure technology solutions for mobile, cable, and fixed networks, today announced that Maurizio Nicolelli, Chief Financial Officer, has notified the company of his intention to resign to pursue a CFO opportunity outside of the communications technology industry. Mr. Nicolelli has agreed to assist in the orderly transition of his CFO responsibilities and will remain with the company until January 31, 2020. His departure is not based on any disagreement with the company s accounting principles, practices or financial statement disclosures. Jerry Guo, President and Chief Executive Officer said, On behalf of the board of directors and executive team, I would like to thank Maurizio for his contributions to the company during his tenure as CFO at Casa. While we regret to see him leave, we wish him well in his future endeavors. I am pleased to have been part of delivering a good quarter for Casa, said Maurizio Nicolelli. While I will miss the team here as I leave to pursue an opportunity that I feel is good for my career and for my family, I know that I am leaving behind a strong financial organization. I look forward to hearing about Casa s future successes. Casa Systems intends to retain an executive search firm and initiate a search for a permanent CFO. A further announcement will be made in due course. The Board of Directors has appointed Scott Bruckner as interim CFO until a permanent CFO has been appointed. Mr. Bruckner is currently SVP Strategy and Corporate Development at Casa Systems, which he joined in November 2017 after a more than 20-year career as an investment banker. The Company also announced that it is raising its fiscal year 2019 GAAP revenue guidance range from $255 million to $270 million to $275 million to $280 million. The Company also expects to meet or exceed its fiscal year 2019 guidance for gross margin, adjusted EBITDA, and GAAP and non-GAAP diluted net loss per share previously provided in the Company s earnings release for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, a copy of which the Company furnished as an exhibit to its Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 31, 2019 and which includes reconciliations of each such non-GAAP financial measure to its most directly comparable GAAP measure. Casa intends to release further details on its fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 financial results during the Company s earnings call on Thursday, February 20, 2020 at 5 p.m. Eastern Time. A live audio webcast of Casa Systems fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 results discussion will be accessible on the company s Investor Relations website at http://investors.casa-systems.com. To participate in the conference call, please dial 877-407-4019 (domestic) and 201-689-8337 (international). Callers should ask to be joined to the Casa Systems call. An archived version of the company s webcast will also be available on Casa Systems website for 90 days after the event. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this press release, including statements regarding the projected results of operations and financial position of Casa Systems, Inc. ( Casa or the Company ), including financial targets, business strategy, and plans and objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate , believe , continue , could , estimate , expect , intend , may , plan , potential , predict , project , target , should , would , and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We have based these forward-looking statements on our estimates and assumptions of our financial results and our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives and financial needs as of the date of this press release. A number of important risk factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described, implied or projected in these forward-looking statements. These factors include, without limitation: (1) any failure by us to successfully anticipate technological shifts, market needs and opportunities, and develop new products and product enhancements that meet those technological shifts, needs and opportunities; (2) the concentration of a substantial portion of our revenue in our CCAP solutions and in certain customers; (3) fluctuations in our revenue due to timing of large orders and seasonality; (4) the length and lack of predictability of our sales cycle; (5) any difficulties we may face in expanding our platform into the wireless market; (6) any failure to fully realize anticipated synergies from our acquisition of NetComm Wireless Limited; and (7) other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of our public reports filed with the SEC, including our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is on file with the SEC and available in the investor relations section of our website at http://investors.casa-systems.com and on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements that we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this press release are inherently uncertain and may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We disclaim any obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this press release. Any reference to our website address in this press release is intended to be an inactive textual reference only and not an active hyperlink. About Casa Systems, Inc. Casa Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: CASA) delivers converged broadband technology solutions that enable wireless, cable and fixed network service providers to meet the growing demand for gigabit bandwidth and services. Engineered for performance, flexibility and scale, our suite of distributed and virtualized solutions delivers end-to-end connectivity across multiple access technologies. Commercially deployed in over 70 countries, Casa serves more than 475 Tier 1 and regional service providers worldwide. For more information, visit our website at http://www.casa-systems.com . Source: Casa Systems, Inc. IR CONTACT INFORMATION: Monica Gould 212-871-3927 investorrelations@casa-systems.com Lindsay Savarese 212-331-8417 investorrelations@casa-systems.com

rsted increases its full-year EBITDA guidance rsted increases its full-year guidance by DKK 1 billion and now expects EBITDA excluding earnings from new partnership agreements to be DKK 16-17 billion in 2020. The guidance increase is due to updated assumptions regarding the divestment of the transmission asset for Hornsea 1. For offshore wind farms in the UK, we construct and subsequently divest the transmission asset as part of the overall project. The divestment of the transmission asset is a regulatory requirement and is conducted in a process led by Ofgem, the UK regulatory authority for gas and electricity markets. Following further progress in the divestment process, we have lowered our assumption regarding the preferred bidder s expected return requirement on the transmission asset. The implication of this is twofold. A positive NPV impact on our own share of the transmission asset, as we will be paying lower than assumed tariffs going forward, and higher profit on the 50% share of the transmission asset we divest on behalf of our partner. The impact of the latter will be recognised in EBITDA in 2020, whereas the EBITDA impact on our own share of the asset will materialise over the lifetime of the asset. For further information, please contact: Media Relations Martin Barlebo + 45 99 55 95 92 Investor Relations Allan B dskov Andersen + 45 99 55 79 96 The rsted vision is a world that runs entirely on green energy. rsted develops, constructs and operates offshore and onshore wind farms, solar farms, energy storage facilities, and bioenergy plants, and provides energy products to its customers. rsted ranks #1 in Corporate Knights' 2020 index of the Global 100 most sustainable corporations in the world and is recognised on the CDP Climate Change A List as a global leader on climate action. Headquartered in Denmark, rsted employs 6,500 people. rsted's shares are listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen (Orsted). In 2019, the group's revenue was DKK 67.8 billion (EUR 9.1 billion). Visit orsted.com or follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram and Twitter. Attachment

Genkyotex Reverse Stock Split Takes Effect Completion of the 10-for-1 reverse stock split Technical change has no impact on value of shares held by shareholders GKTX ticker on Euronext remains unchanged ARCHAMPS, France, March 29, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Genkyotex (Euronext Paris & Brussels: FR0013399474 GKTX), a biopharmaceutical company and the leader in NOX therapies, today announced the completion of its reverse stock split, effective today. After closing of the market on March 28, 2019, the old Genkyotex shares (ISIN code: FR0011790542) have been delisted from Euronext and have been replaced by the new Genkyotex shares (ISIN code: FR0013399474) beginning at the start of trading on March 29, 2019. Every 10 shares with a par value of 0.10 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock have automatically been combined into one share with a par value of 1.00. The number of shares of common stock underlying Genkyotex options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights to acquire shares of common stock was adjusted accordingly. The ticker symbol (GKTX) remains unchanged. This technical adjustment is purely arithmetical and has no impact on the value of Genkyotex shares held by the shareholders. About Genkyotex Genkyotex is the leading biopharmaceutical company in NOX therapies, listed on the Euronext Paris and Euronext Brussels markets. A leader in NOX therapies, its unique therapeutic approach is based on a selective inhibition of NOX enzymes that amplify multiple disease processes such as fibrosis, inflammation, pain processing, cancer development, and neurodegeneration. Genkyotex s platform enables the identification of orally available small-molecules that selectively inhibit specific NOX enzymes. Genkyotex is developing a pipeline of first-in-class product candidates targeting one or multiple NOX enzymes. The lead product candidate, GKT831, a NOX1 and NOX4 inhibitor is evaluated in a phase 2 clinical trial in primary biliary cholangitis (PBC, a fibrotic orphan disease) and in an investigator-initiated Phase 2 clinical trial in Type 1 Diabetes and Kidney Disease (DKD). A grant from the United States National Institutes of Health (NIH) of $8.9 million was awarded to Professor Victor Thannickal at the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) to fund a multi-year research program evaluating the role of NOX enzymes in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF), a chronic lung disease that results in fibrosis of the lungs, the core component of the program will be to conduct a Phase 2 trial with the GKT831 in patients with IPF. This product candidate may also be active in other fibrotic indications. Genkyotex also has a versatile platform well-suited to the development of various immunotherapies (Vaxiclase). A partnership covering the use of Vaxiclase as an antigen per se (GTL003) has been established with Serum Institute of India Private Ltd (Serum Institute), the world s largest producer of vaccine doses, for the development by Serum Institute of cellular multivalent combination vaccines against a variety of infectious diseases. This partnership could generate approximately 150 million in future revenues for Genkyotex, before royalties on sales. For further information, please go to www.genkyotex.com or investors@genkyotex.com Disclaimer This press release may contain forward-looking statements by the company with respect to its objectives. Such statements are based upon the current beliefs, estimates and expectations of Genkyotex s management and are subject to risks and uncertainties such as the company's ability to implement its chosen strategy, customer market trends, changes in technologies and in the company's competitive environment, changes in regulations, clinical or industrial risks and all risks linked to the company's growth. These factors as well as other risks and uncertainties may prevent the company from achieving the objectives outlined in the press release and actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements, due to various factors. Without being exhaustive, such factors include uncertainties involved in the development of Genkyotex s products, which may not succeed, or in the delivery of Genkyotex s products marketing authorizations by the relevant regulatory authorities and, in general, any factor that could affects Genkyotex s capacity to commercialize the products it develops. No guarantee is given on forward-looking statements which are subject to a number of risks, notably those described in the registration document (document de reference) registered by the French Markets Authority (the AMF) on 27 April 2018 under number R.18-037, and those linked to changes in economic conditions, the financial markets, or the markets on which Genkyotex is present. Genkyotex products are currently used for clinical trials only and are not otherwise available for distribution or sale.

EyeGate Announces FDA Approval of Two IDE Submissions for Ocular Bandage Gel FDA Grants Approval for Studies for Patients that have undergone Photorefractive Keratectomy and for Patients with Punctate Epitheliopathies WALTHAM, Mass., July 24, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- EyeGate Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EYEG) ( EyeGate or the Company ), a clinical-stage, specialty pharmaceutical company with two proprietary platform technologies for treating diseases and disorders of the eye, today announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved two of EyeGate s Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) applications for pilot studies of the company s Ocular Bandage Gel (OBG) product for the acceleration of re-epithelialization of large corneal epithelial defects in patients having undergone photorefractive keratectomy (PRK), as well as the reduction in corneal staining for patients with punctate epitheliopathies (PE). EyeGate anticipates entering the clinic for both indications in the third quarter of 2018. Stephen From, EyeGate s Chief Executive Officer, said, Receiving FDA approval for both pilot studies is a significant milestone in the development of our EyeGate OBG platform. Mr. From continued, EyeGate is very pleased to have received these approvals and we look forward to getting these studies underway, as we expect to initiate the clinical trials in the third quarter. The PRK pilot study will enroll up to 45 subjects undergoing a bilateral procedure in a reading center masked trial. The trial intends to compare EyeGate OBG to the current standard of care, bandage contact lens (BCL) plus artificial tears. The primary endpoint will be the percentage of subjects achieving complete wound healing (based on staining) on day 3. The PE study will enroll 30 patients in a two arm, 6-week trial with 15 patients per arm. PE is being defined in this trial by fluorescein staining of the cornea using the NEI scale. The primary performance outcome will be the change in NEI corneal staining score from day 0 to day 28 between the OBG arm and the comparator arm. About EyeGate EyeGate is a clinical-stage specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products using its two proprietary platform technologies for treating diseases and disorders of the eye. EyeGate s CMHA-S platform is based on a cross-linked thiolated carboxymethyl hyaluronic acid (CMHA-S), a modified form of the natural polymer hyaluronic acid (HA), which is a gel that possesses unique physical and chemical properties such as hydrating and healing when applied to the ocular surface. The ability of CMHA-S to adhere longer to the ocular surface, resist degradation and protect the ocular surface makes it well-suited for treating various ocular surface injuries. EGP-437, EyeGate s other product in clinical trials, incorporates a reformulated topically active corticosteroid, Dexamethasone Phosphate that is delivered into the ocular tissues through EyeGate s proprietary innovative drug delivery system, the EyeGate II Delivery System. For more information, please visit www.EyeGatePharma.com. EyeGate Social Media EyeGate uses its website (www.EyeGatePharma.com), Facebook page ( https://www.facebook.com/EyeGatePharma/ ), corporate Twitter account ( https://twitter.com/EyeGatePharma ), and LinkedIn page ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/135892/ ) as channels of distribution of information about EyeGate and its product candidates. Such information may be deemed material information, and EyeGate may use these channels to comply with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Therefore, investors should monitor EyeGate's website and its social media accounts in addition to following its press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, and webcasts. The social media channels that EyeGate intends to use as a means of disclosing the information described above may be updated from time to time as listed on EyeGate's investor relations website. Forward-Looking Statements Some of the statements in this press release are forward-looking and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include statements relating to, among other things, the commercialization efforts and other regulatory or marketing approval efforts pertaining to EyeGate s products, including EyeGate s EGP-437 combination product and the EyeGate OBG product, as well as the success thereof, with such approvals or success may not be obtained or achieved on a timely basis or at all. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from the statements set forth in this press release, including, among other things, certain risk factors described under the heading Risk Factors contained in EyeGate s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2018 or described in EyeGate s other public filings. EyeGate s results may also be affected by factors of which EyeGate is not currently aware. The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. EyeGate expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to such statements to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any changes in the events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Contact Joseph Green / Andrew Gibson Edison Advisors for EyeGate Pharmaceuticals 646-653-7030 / 7019 jgreen@edisongroup.com / agibson@edisongroup.com

ChipMOS REPORTS SECOND QUARTER 2020 RESULTS Revenue Increases 10.7% in 2Q20 Compared to 2Q19 Gross Profit Increases 34.1% in 2Q20 Compared to 2Q19 Net Debt Reduced by US$49.9 Million to US$144.1 Million in 2Q20, with a US$189.3 Million Balance of Retained Cash and Cash Equivalents Distributed Cash Dividend of NT$1.8 Per Common Share on July 31, 2020 and US$1.227 Per ADS on August 7, 2020 HSINCHU, Aug. 11, 2020 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- ChipMOS TECHNOLOGIES INC. ("ChipMOS" or the "Company") (Taiwan Stock Exchange: 8150 andNASDAQ: IMOS), an industry leading provider of outsourced semiconductor assembly and test services ("OSAT"), today reported consolidated financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2020. All U.S. dollar figures cited in this press release are based on the exchange rate of NT$29.44 against US$1.00 as of June 30, 2020. All the figures were prepared in accordance with Taiwan-International Financial Reporting Standards ("Taiwan-IFRS"). Revenue for the second quarter of 2020 was NT$5,428.1 million or US$184.4 million, a decrease of 2.8% from NT$5,586.8 million or US$189.8 million in the first quarter of 2020 and an increase of 10.7% from NT$4,905.3 million or US$166.6 million for the same period in 2019. The second quarter of 2020 revenue level represents a six-year high for the Company. Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the second quarter of 2020 was NT$544.9 million or US$18.5 million, and NT$0.75 or US$0.025 per basic common share, as compared to NT$712.7 million or US$24.2 million, and NT$0.98 or US$0.033 per basic common share in the first quarter of 2020, and NT$1,274.6 million or US$43.3 million, and NT$1.75 or US$0.06 per basic common share in the second quarter of 2019. Net earnings for the second quarter of 2020 were US$0.51 per basic ADS, compared to US$0.67 per basic ADS for the first quarter of 2020 and US$1.19 per basic ADS in the second quarter of 2019. As of June 30, 2020, the Company's retained balance of cash and cash equivalents was US$189.3 million, after the US$49.9 million reduction in its net debt during the second quarter 2020 to US$144.1 million. The Company distributed a cash dividend of NT$1.8 per common share on July 31, 2020 and US$1.227 per ADS on August 7, 2020 or approximately US$0.949 per ADS after the Taiwan withholding tax and Citibank, N.A.'s depositary fees. Second Quarter 2020 Investor Conference Call / Webcast Details Date: Tuesday, August 11, 2020Time: 4:00PM Taiwan (4:00AM New York)Dial-In: +886-2-21928016Password: 166416 #Webcast of Live Call and Replay: http://wms.gridow.com/ir/chipmos/chipmos_2020Q2_ch.html Replay Starting 2 Hours After Live Call EndsLanguage: Mandarin Date: Tuesday, August 11, 2020Time: 8:00PM Taiwan (8:00AM New York)Dial-In: +1-201-689-8562Password: 13706850Replay Starting 2 Hours After Live Call Ends: +1-412-317-6671, with ID 13706850Webcast of Live Call and Replay: http://wms.gridow.com/ir/chipmos/chipmos_2020Q2_en.html Language: English About ChipMOS TECHNOLOGIES INC.: ChipMOS TECHNOLOGIES INC. ("ChipMOS" or the "Company") (Taiwan Stock Exchange: 8150 andNASDAQ: IMOS) (https://www.chipmos.com) is an industry leading provider of outsourced semiconductor assembly and test services. With advanced facilities in Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu Industrial Park and Southern Taiwan Science Park in Taiwan, ChipMOS provide assembly and test services to a broad range of customers, including leading fabless semiconductor companies, integrated device manufacturers and independent semiconductor foundries. Forward-Looking Statements This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as 'believes,' 'expects,' 'anticipates,' 'projects,' 'intends,' 'should,' 'seeks,' 'estimates,' 'future' or similar expressions or by discussion of, among other things, strategy, goals, plans or intentions. These statements may include financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions, statements regarding plans, objectives and expectations with respect to future operations, products and services, and statements regarding future performance. Actual results may differ materially in the future from those reflected in forward-looking statements contained in this document, due to various factors, including the potential impact of COVID-19. Further information regarding these risks, uncertainties and other factors are included in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and in the Company's other filings with the SEC. Contacts: In Taiwan Jesse Huang ChipMOS TECHNOLOGIES INC. +886-6-5052388 ext. 7715 [email protected] In the U.S. David Pasquale Global IR Partners +1-914-337-8801 [email protected] SOURCE ChipMOS TECHNOLOGIES INC.

Oceaneering Announces Petrobras Drill Pipe Riser Systems Contract HOUSTON, Aug. 20, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Oceaneering International, Inc. ("Oceaneering") (NYSE:OII) announced that one of its wholly owned subsidiaries, Marine Production Systems do Brasil Ltda., has secured a four-year contract with a one-year optional extension period from Petr leo Brasileiro S.A. ("Petrobras") in Brazil. The contract will support intervention and completion operations in Brazil. Under the terms of the contract, Oceaneering will supply and operate three drill pipe riser ("DPR") systems with installation workover control systems, or IWOCS, along with project management, engineering and support services. The company plans to manufacture the associated umbilicals for the DPR systems at its facility in Niteroi, Brazil. Oceaneering will start constructing and building the assets in the third quarter of 2018, and expects work under the contract to commence in the third quarter of 2019. The contract value is expected to exceed $50 million in revenue during the initial four-year period. Roderick A. Larson, President and Chief Executive Officer of Oceaneering, said, "We are excited by this Petrobras award and the opportunity to expand our portfolio of service and product offerings in the growing Brazilian market. This award draws on our innovative capabilities and core competencies, including our expertise in control systems and umbilicals for the subsea industry, and demonstrates our ability to grow into adjacent markets. We look forward to supporting Petrobras in connection with this and future projects." Statements in this press release that express a belief, expectation or intention, as well as those that are not historical fact, are forward-looking. The forward-looking statements in this press release include the statements concerning Oceaneering's: planned manufacturing location for the associated umbilicals; expected contract value during the initial contract period and start date for constructing and building the assets and commencement of work; belief that Oceaneering can expand its portfolio of service and product offerings in Brazil and that Brazil is a growing market; belief that the contract draws on Oceaneering's expertise in control systems and umbilicals for the subsea industry; and belief that Oceaneering has the ability to grow into adjacent markets. These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are based on current information and expectations of Oceaneering that involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including risks and uncertainties related to counterparty performance under contracts and market conditions and other economic factors affecting Oceaneering's business. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements prove incorrect, actual outcomes could vary materially from those indicated. These and other risks are more fully described in Oceaneering's latest annual report on Form 10-K and its other periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Oceaneering is a global provider of engineered services and products, primarily to the offshore energy industry, with a focus on deepwater applications. Through the use of its applied technology expertise, Oceaneering also serves the defense, entertainment, and aerospace industries. For more information on the Company, please visit www.oceaneering.com. Contact:Suzanne SperaDirector, Investor RelationsOceaneering International, Inc.713-329-4707[email protected] SOURCE Oceaneering International, Inc. Related Links http://www.oceaneering.com

Provident Financial Holdings Announces New Stock Repurchase Plan RIVERSIDE, Calif., April 30, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. ( Company ), NASDAQ GS: PROV, the holding company for Provident Savings Bank, F.S.B., today announced that the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to five percent (5%) of the Company s common stock, approximately 371,815 shares. The Company will purchase the shares from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions over a one-year period depending on market conditions, the capital requirements of the Company, and available cash that can be allocated to the stock repurchase program, among other considerations. Safe-Harbor Statement Certain matters in this News Release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may relate to, among others, expectations of the business environment in which the Company operates, projections of future performance, perceived opportunities in the market, potential future credit experience, and statements regarding the Company s mission and vision. These forward-looking statements are based upon current management expectations, and may, therefore, involve risks and uncertainties. The Company s actual results, performance, or achievements may differ materially from those suggested, expressed, or implied by forward-looking statements as a result of a wide range of factors including, but not limited to, the general business environment, interest rates, the California real estate market, competitive conditions between banks and non-bank financial services providers, regulatory changes, and other risks detailed in the Company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019. Contacts: Craig G. Blunden Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Donavon P. Ternes President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (951) 686-6060

Ekso Bionics Announces Reverse Stock Split RICHMOND, Calif., March 24, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. (the Company ) (Nasdaq: EKSO), a leading developer of exoskeletons for medical and industrial use, today announced that it will effect a reverse stock split of shares of its common stock at a ratio of 1-for-15, effective as of March 24, 2020 at 1:05 p.m. Pacific time. The Company s common stock will open for trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on March 25, 2020 on a split-adjusted basis under the existing trading symbol EKSO . The Company s common stock will trade under a new CUSIP number 282644301 upon the effectiveness of the reverse stock split. Upon the effectiveness of the reverse stock split, the number of shares of the Company s outstanding common stock will decrease from approximately 87,438,350 pre-split shares to approximately 5,829,390 post-split shares, with no change in par value per share. The reverse stock split was approved by the Company s shareholders at a special meeting held on March 12, 2020, and is primarily intended to raise the per share trading price of the Company s common stock and, in particular, enable the Company to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for maintaining its listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. To regain compliance, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must be at least $1.00 for a minimum of ten consecutive trading days. No fractional shares will be issued as a result of the reverse stock split. Any holder that would otherwise receive a fractional share of common stock as a result from the reverse stock split will have those shares rounded up to the next whole share. The reverse stock split will affect all issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, as well as the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the Company s outstanding stock options and warrants. The reverse stock split will reduce the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options or warrants outstanding immediately prior to the reverse stock split and correspondingly increase the respective exercise prices. The reverse stock split will not be accompanied by a proportional reduction in the number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock. The reverse stock split will affect all shareholders uniformly and will not significantly alter any shareholder s percentage interest in the Company s equity. Stockholders who hold their shares electronically in book-entry form at a brokerage firm or through the Ekso Bionics, Inc. 401(k) plan need not take any action, as their shares will be automatically adjusted by their brokerage firm or trustee of the 401(k) plan, as applicable, to reflect the reverse stock split. Beneficial holders may contact their bank, broker or nominee with any questions regarding the procedure of implementing the reverse stock split. Stockholders holding share certificates may request to receive information from VStock Transfer, LLC, the Company s transfer agent, regarding the process for exchanging their shares of common stock. Shareholders with questions may contact VStock Transfer by calling +1 (212) 828-8436. Additional information regarding the reverse stock split can be found in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (Form DEF14A), filed with the SEC on February 10, 2020, and posted on the Company s website at www.eksobionics.com . About Ekso Bionics Ekso Bionics is a leading developer of exoskeleton solutions that amplify human potential by supporting or enhancing strength, endurance and mobility across medical and industrial applications. Founded in 2005, the Company continues to build upon its unparalleled expertise to design some of the most cutting-edge, innovative wearable robots available on the market. Ekso Bionics is the only exoskeleton company to offer technologies that range from helping those with paralysis to stand up and walk, to enhancing human capabilities on job sites across the globe. The Company is headquartered in the Bay Area and is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol EKSO. For more information, visit: www.eksobionics.com or follow @EksoBionics on Twitter. Forward-Looking Statements Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the timing and effectiveness of the reverse stock split and the Company s ability to maintain its listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market (including its ability to achieve or maintain the minimum bid price required by The Nasdaq Capital Market and to comply with other requirements for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market). Such forward-looking statements are not meant to predict or guarantee actual results, performance, events or circumstances and may not be realized because they are based upon the Company s current plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations, and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and other influences, many of which the Company has no control over. Actual results and the timing of certain events and circumstances may differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties. Factors that may influence or contribute to the inaccuracy of the forward-looking statements or cause actual results to differ materially from expected or desired results may include, without limitation, the price and volume fluctuations in trading of the Company s common stock, the potential adverse effect of the reduced number of shares outstanding following the reverse stock split on the liquidity of the Company s common stock, potentially adverse Nasdaq decisions related to the listing of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. These and other factors are identified and described in more detail in the Company s filings with the SEC. To learn more about Ekso Bionics please visit the Company s website at www.eksobionics.com or refer to our Twitter page at @EksoBionics. The Company does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements. Media Contact: Carrie Yamond Mas 917-371-2320 cmas@eksobionics.com

Innovent Biologics and Lilly Jointly Announced the Pivotal Clinical Study Results of TYVYT (Sintilimab Injection) in the Second-Line Treatment of Patients with Locally Advanced or Metastatic Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma SUZHOU, China, May 31, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Innovent Biologics, Inc. (Innovent) (HKEX: 01801), a world-class biopharmaceutical company that develops, manufactures and commercializes high quality medicines, jointly announced with Eli Lilly and Company (Lilly) (NYSE: LLY) the results of TYVYT (sintilimab injection) ORIENT-2 study, a pivotal clinical study of second-line treatment for locally advanced or metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) at the 56th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) (Abstract # 4511, Poster # 119, 8:00 AM 11:00 AM, U.S. Central Time, Friday, May 29, 2020). The ORIENT-2 study was a randomized, open-label, multicenter, Phase 2 clinical study comparing the efficacy and safety of sintilimab with chemotherapy (paclitaxel or irinotecan) in patients with advanced or metastatic ESCC whose disease progressed on first-line therapy. A total of 190 subjects were enrolled in the study and randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive either sintilimab injection or chemotherapy (paclitaxel or irinotecan). The study's primary endpoint was overall survival (OS). As of August 2, 2019, compared with paclitaxel/irinotecan, sintilimab demonstrated a statistically significant improvement in OS in the intent-to-treat (ITT) population (HR = 0.70, P = 0.032). The median OS in the sintilimab-treated group and the chemotherapy-treated group were 7.2 months and 6.2 months and the 12-month OS rates were 37.4% and 21.4%, respectively, showing encouraging antitumor efficacy in the sintilimab-treated group. The safety profile of sintilimab in this study of ESCC patients was similar to that seen in studies of sintilimab in other tumors. Professor Jianming Xu, Director of the Department of Gastrointestinal Oncology at the Fifth Medical Center of PLA General Hospital, said: "For patients with advanced or metastatic ESCC who have progressed on first-line treatment, there are few next treatment options and traditional chemotherapy drugs have shown a very limited effect. The ORIENT-2 study confirmed that sintilimab can prolong OS compared with chemotherapy (paclitaxel or irinotecan) in the second-line treatment of patients with ESCC. We are hopeful that sintilimab can be used as an effective treatment option for the second-line treatment of ESCC, bringing more clinical benefits to patients in need." About TYVYT (Sintilimab Injection) TYVYT (sintilimab injection), an innovative drug developed with global quality standards jointly developed by Innovent and Lilly in China, has been granted marketing approval by the National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) for relapsed or refractory classic Hodgkin's lymphoma after second-line or later systemic chemotherapy, and included in the 2019 Guidelines of Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology for Lymphoid Malignancies. TYVYT (sintilimab injection) is the only PD-1 inhibitor that has been included in the new Catalogue of the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) in November 2019. TYVYT (sintilimab injection) is a type of immunoglobulin G4 monoclonal antibody, which binds to PD-1 molecules on the surface of T-cells, blocks the PD-1/ PD-Ligand 1 (PD-L1) pathway and reactivates T-cells to kill cancer cells. Innovent is currently conducting more than 20 clinical studies with TYVYT (sintilimab injection) to evaluate its safety and efficacy in a wide variety of cancer indications, including more than 10 registration or pivotal clinical trials. About Innovent Inspired by the spirit of "Start with Integrity, Succeed through Action," Innovent's mission is to develop, manufacture and commercialize high-quality biopharmaceutical products that are affordable to ordinary people. Established in 2011, Innovent is committed to developing, manufacturing and commercializing high quality innovative medicines for the treatment of oncology, autoimmune, metabolic and other major diseases. On October 31, 2018, Innovent was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited with the stock code: 01801.HK. Since its inception, Innovent has developed a fully integrated multifunctional platform which includes R&D, CMC (Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls), clinical development and commercialization capabilities. Leveraging the platform, the company has built a robust pipeline of 23 valuable assets in the fields of oncology, autoimmune, metabolic diseases and other major therapeutic areas, with 17 in clinical development, five in Phase 3 or pivotal clinical trials, four under NDA reviews by the NMPA (three under priority review status), while TYVYT (sintilimab injection), officially approved for marketing in China in 2018, has been the only PD-1 inhibitor included in the NRDL, since 2019. Innovent has built an international team of advanced talents in high-end biological drug development and commercialization, including many overseas experts. The company has also entered into strategic collaborations with Eli Lilly and Company, Adimab, Incyte, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Hanmi and other international partners. Innovent strives to work with all relevant parties to help advance China's biopharmaceutical industry, improve drug availability to ordinary people and enhance the quality of the patients' lives. For more information, please visit www.innoventbio.com. About Eli Lilly and Company Lilly is a global healthcare leader that unites caring with discovery to create medicines that make life better for people around the world. We were founded more than a century ago by a man committed to creating high-quality medicines that meet real needs, and today we remain true to that mission in all our work. Across the globe, Lilly employees work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. To learn more about Lilly, please visit us at www.lilly.com. About Innovent Biologics' strategic cooperation with Eli Lilly and Company Innovent entered into a strategic collaboration with Lilly focusing on biological medicine in March 2015 a groundbreaking partnership between a Chinese pharmaceutical company and a multinational pharmaceutical company. Under the agreement, Innovent and Lilly are co-developing and commercializing oncology medicines, including TYVYT (sintilimab injection) in China. In October 2015, the two companies announced the extension of their existing collaboration to include co-development of three additional antibodies targeting oncology indications. In August 2019, Innovent entered into an additional licensing agreement with Lilly to develop and commercialize a potentially global best-in-class diabetes medicine in China. Its collaboration with Lilly indicates that Innovent has established a comprehensive level of cooperation between China's innovative pharmaceuticals sector and the international pharmaceuticals sector in fields such as R&D, CMC, clinical development and commercialization. SOURCE Innovent Biologics, Inc. Related Links http://www.innoventbio.com

Heska Corporation to Acquire scil animal care, a European Leader in Veterinary Point-of-Care Diagnostics Jumps to #1 or #2 in key markets and expands reach to 25 countries LOVELAND, Colorado, Jan. 14, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Heska Corporation (NASDAQ: HSKA - News; "Heska" or the "Company"), a provider of advanced veterinary diagnostic and specialty products, announced today that the Company has entered into an agreement (the "Agreement") to acquire 100% of the capital stock of scil animal care company GmbH ("scil") from Covetrus, Inc. (NASDAQ: CVET) (the "Acquisition"). Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Germany with operations in France, Italy, Spain and Canada, scil has grown into a veterinary point of care laboratory and imaging diagnostics leader, serving pets and their families across Europe and the globe. With the combination of two of the world's top veterinary diagnostics companies servicing millions of pets through tens of thousands of veterinarians and active analyzers across the globe, Heska expects to1: reach over 25 countries to win a top three position in key markets to capture market share of at least: United States ( 12.5%), Canada ( 13%), Germany ( 40%), Spain ( 40%), France ( 30%), and Italy ( 19%), and to leverage a strong and growing presence in the Czech Republic, the Netherlands, Poland, the United Kingdom, Australia, Latin America and Malaysia; include over 500 total employees, with direct sales teams in 10 countries spanning Europe, North America and Australia; generate approximately $200 million in sales for 2020, subject to the closing and closing date of the Acquisition and other conditions; derive 93% of sales in Core Companion Animal, with total 2020 sales estimated to come from Laboratory (60%), Imaging (23%), Other CCA (10%), and Other Vaccines and Pharma (7%); and deliver a favorable geographic sales mix for growth from North America (62%) and greater Europe (37%). Heska's Chief Executive Officer and President, Kevin Wilson, commented, "I am thrilled to welcome the entire scil animal care team to our Heska family. Heska ended December as a clearly advancing #3 in North America but largely unrepresented overseas. We begin January a much stronger #3 in North America and a solid #1 or #2 in key European markets, with footholds and assets in place to drive more deeply and more broadly everywhere. By joining with Optomed in France (announced last year), CVM in Spain (announced last week), and scil now, we emphatically reaffirm our commitment to our strategic goals to: (1) double the customers and geography Heska serves, (2) double Heska's addressable revenue-product streams and (3) continuing to win in our baseline business. After two focused years of preparation and investment, we now rapidly advance all of these goals in 2020 as a global team capable of globally partnering with individual veterinarians, corporate hospital consolidators, pharmaceutical leaders and diet companies. Into this new global reach, we intend to drive Heska's new products pipeline, including the new Element RC (rotor chemistry), new Element i+ (immunoassay) and upcoming Element UF (urine and fecal), which we continue to expect to reach market later this year." Transaction DetailsHeska will purchase scil for $125 million in cash, subject to working capital and other adjustments as set forth in the Agreement. The Acquisition is expected to close in the next 60 to 90 days, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of closing conditions set forth in the Agreement, including the receipt by Heska of audited financial statements of scil for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 and other customary closing conditions. The Acquisition is not subject to any financing condition. Piper Sandler acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Heska for the Acquisition. Heska intends to finance the transaction through a private offering of $125 million of Convertible Preferred Stock ("Preferred Stock") pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the "Financing Agreement"), dated as of January 12, 2020. The transactions contemplated by the Financing Agreement are expected to close at the time the Company closes the Acquisition, subject to customary closing conditions. 125,000 shares of Preferred Stock ("Preferred Shares") will be issued pursuant to the Financing Agreement, under which the Company expects to exercise its right to convert the Preferred Shares into 1,508,751 shares of the Company's Public Common Stock following and subject to the receipt of an affirmative shareholder vote at the Company's annual shareholder meeting to increase the number of authorized shares of Public Common Stock; provided however, if such affirmative shareholder vote is not obtained and the conversion of the Preferred Shares does not occur, the Company will pay a cash dividend to the owners of Preferred Shares at an initial per annum rate of 5.75%, which shall increase in subsequent periods up to a maximum per annum rate of 7.25%. The conversion of the Preferred Shares will result in dilution of less than 20% of total shares of the Company's Public Common Stock currently issued and outstanding. Heska anticipates costs associated with the Acquisition and other end-of-year transactions related activities will have an impact on 2019 reported earnings. Heska expects the Acquisition to be moderately accretive to 2020 earnings per share. The Company will provide its 2020 full-year outlook on the upcoming 2019 fourth quarter and full-year report late February and will provide a multi-year outlook at its upcoming May 20, 2020 Investor Day in New York. Webcast DetailsHeska CEO and President, Kevin Wilson, will provide more information about this announcement and other growth initiatives at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference at 6:00 p.m. ET on Wednesday, January 15, 2020. Investors and the public may access the live webcast at https://jpmorgan.metameetings.net/events/hc20/sessions/30066-heska-q-a/webcast. A question and answer session will be held following the presentation and can be accessed at https://jpmorgan.metameetings.net/events/hc20/sessions/30066-heska-q-a/webcast. The webcast will be archived shortly after the event, and a replay will be available on the company's website for 90 days following the conference. About HeskaHeska Corporation (NASDAQ: HSKA - News) manufactures, develops and sells advanced veterinary diagnostic and specialty healthcare products through two business segments. The Core Companion Animal Health ("CCA") segment represents approximately 85% of revenues, and the Other Vaccines and Pharmaceuticals ("OVP") segment represents approximately 15% of revenues, as of September 30, 2019. CCA segment includes Point of Care Laboratory testing instruments and consumables, primarily under a unique multi-year Reset Subscription model, digital imaging products, software and services, local and cloud-based data services, allergy testing and immunotherapy, and single use offerings such as in-clinic diagnostic tests and heartworm preventive products. OVP segment includes private label vaccine and pharmaceutical production under third party agreements and channels, primarily for herd animal health. Forward-Looking StatementsThis document contains forward-looking information related to the Company. These forward-looking statements generally include statements that are predictive in nature and depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, and include words such as "believes," "plans," "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "strategy," "future," "opportunity," "may," "will," "should," "could," "potential," or similar expressions. All of the statements in this document, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements and are based on a number of assumptions that could ultimately prove inaccurate and cause actual results to materially deviate from forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this document include, among other things, statements with respect to future sales, sales split percentages, sales geography percentages, market share, and strategic goals, the expected timing of the Acquisition and its funding and its anticipated benefits; the expected conversion of the Preferred Shares into shares of Public Common Stock; anticipated investments and growth; and the number of customers that the Company will be able to acquire and retain. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, uncertainties related to the closing of the Acquisition; the ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition uncertainties related to supplier availability, competing suppliers, any product's ability to perform and be recognized as anticipated, in particular when such product is under development; uncertainties related to Heska's ability to sell and market its products in an economically sustainable fashion, including related to varying customs, cultures, languages and sales cycles and uncertainties with foreign political and economic climates; and the Company's ability to integrate the acquired scil business within its existing operations; and new product development and release schedules. Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements are set forth under "Risk Factors" in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 1 Information regarding market share and market position is derived from data from publicly available information disclosed by third party sources and Heska internal estimates based on such data, scil data, and Heska's knowledge of the industry. Heska has not independently verified the data from third party sources and cannot assure its accuracy or completeness, and Heska internal and scil estimates have not been independently verified. Data specifically excludes items not point of care, including central reference laboratories and single use "rapid" tests. While Heska is not aware of any misstatements regarding this information, Heska cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Information regarding future sales, sales split percentages, sales geography percentages, and goals are forward-looking statements and actual results can materially differ from those noted, due to several factors, including but not limited to market, currency, integration, supplier, distributor, scil, and Heska performance and those mentioned in Safe Harbor and forward-looking statements disclaimer herein. Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/832042/heska_Logo.jpg Related Links http://www.heska.com SOURCE Heska Corporation

Syntel Announces Special Dividend TROY, Mich., Sept. 12, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Syntel, Inc. (Nasdaq:SYNT), a global provider of digital transformation, information technology and knowledge process services to Global 2000 companies, today announced that its Board of Directors has declared a special cash dividend of $15 per share. The special cash dividend, is payable on October 3, 2016, to shareholders of record at the close of business on September 22, 2016. Due to the size of the dividend, it is anticipated that the Company s common stock will begin trading ex-dividend (without the dividend), the first business day following the dividend payable date, or October 4, 2016. The special cash dividend will be funded through dividends to the Company by U.S. subsidiaries, the one-time repatriation of approximately $1.24 billion of cash held by the Company s foreign subsidiaries and a portion of borrowings under a new senior credit facility. The Company has expanded its borrowing capacity to $500 million under the new senior credit facility while paying in full and terminating the $200 million prior existing senior credit facility. In connection with the one-time repatriation, the Company expects to recognize a one-time tax expense of about $264 million (net of foreign tax credits) in the third quarter of 2016. As a result of the additional tax expense and anticipated changes to other income which will result from the issuance of the special cash dividend, the Company is revising its outlook for 2016 EPS from the previously announced $2.55 to $2.70 earnings per share to a loss of $0.60 to $0.75 per share. There is no update at this time to the outlook for 2016 revenue or margins. Additional details can be found in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2016. About Syntel Syntel (Nasdaq:SYNT) is the global leader in digital modernization services, with a core suite of automation-driven IT and knowledge process services. Syntel helps global enterprises thrive in the Two-Speed World by building agile, efficient technology infrastructures that blend legacy business models with disruptive digital innovations. Syntel s recursive automation platform, SyntBots , enables clients to manage, migrate, and modernize their business and technology ecosystems. Syntel believes in a "Customer for Life" philosophy to build collaborative partnerships and creates long-term business value for its clients by investing in IP, solutions and industry-focused delivery teams with deep domain knowledge. To learn more, visit us at: www.syntelinc.com Safe Harbor Provision This news release may include forward-looking statements, including those with respect to the future level of business for Syntel, Inc. These statements are necessarily subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain risk factors set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 or from other factors not currently anticipated. Contact: Zaineb Bokhari, Syntel 646-538-9898, zaineb_bokhari@syntelinc.com

Amgen Announces Positive Results At ACC.20/WCC From Phase 3B Study Of Repatha (Evolocumab) In People Living With HIV Who Have High LDL-Cholesterol Study Met Primary Endpoint (Change From Baseline in LDL C) and All Secondary Endpoints Repatha is the First PCSK9 Inhibitor to Demonstrate LDL C Lowering Results in People Living with HIV THOUSAND OAKS, Calif., March 28, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN) today announced positive results from the EvolocumaB Effect on LDL-C LowerIng in SubJEcts with Human Immunodeficiency ViRus and INcreased Cardiovascular RisK (BEIJERINCK) study evaluating the efficacy and safety of Repatha (evolocumab) in patients who are human immunodeficiency virus-positive (HIV+) and have high low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) despite stable background lipid-lowering therapy.1 The study demonstrated that treatment with Repatha significantly reduced LDL-C. The results were featured as an oral presentation during the virtual American College of Cardiology's 69th Annual Scientific Session from March 28-30, 2020 with publication in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology (JACC) on March 30, 2020. "Certain antiretroviral treatments for HIV can increase LDL-C and change the lipid makeup of people living with HIV. This study increases our overall evidence base for Repatha, but also provides us with a better understanding of cholesterol management for this under-represented patient population," said David M. Reese, M.D., executive vice president of Research and Development at Amgen. "These positive results show that Repatha can help these patients lower their LDL-C, one of the most important modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease." Results from the double-blind 24-week study show that in people living with HIV (PLHIV) with hypercholesterolemia or mixed dyslipidemia, monthly treatment with Repatha reduced LDL-C by 56.9% from baseline compared to placebo, meeting its primary endpoint.1 Patients treated with Repatha also demonstrated improved secondary outcomes versus placebo with 71.9% of patients achieving an LDL-C reduction of more than or equal to 50% from baseline and 65.4% of patients achieving an LDL-C of less than 70 mg/dL.1 No new safety concerns were identified in the BEIJERINCK trial.1 The subject incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events was comparable among both groups.1 "Professional guidelines, including most recently those from the European Society of Cardiology and the European Atherosclerosis Society, have called for greater research into the efficacy and safety of PCSK9 inhibitors in specific populations, like people living with HIV. The American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology multi-society cholesterol guidelines also identify HIV infection as a cardiovascular risk-enhancing factor," said Professor Franck Boccara, M.D., PhD, cardiologist and primary study investigator, Sorbonne Universit , Paris. "This is the first Phase 3 study to demonstrate that a PCSK9 inhibitor can effectively and safely reduce LDL-C in people living with HIV at risk for cardiovascular disease who have high cholesterol level despite statin treatment. Addressing uncontrolled LDL-C in this high-risk patient population is critical to maintain the progress that has been achieved in improving the lives of people living with HIV." Approximately 38 million individuals live with HIV worldwide, with 1.1 million in the United States.2,3 Cardiovascular (CV) risk is estimated to be nearly double in PLHIV compared to individuals who don't have HIV, and PLHIV face significant health challenges at earlier ages than people who don't have HIV.4 The global burden of HIV-associated cardiovascular disease has tripled over the past two decades, and it will continue to increase as the population of individuals living with HIV ages.5 Today, 75 percent of PLHIV are over age 45.6 The Phase 3b BEIJERINCK study is part of Amgen's PROFICIO (Program to Reduce LDL-C and cardiovascular Outcomes Following Inhibition of PCSK9 In different pOpulations) program of clinical and real-world evidence (RWE) studies investigating the impact of Repatha and examining the use of lipid-lowering therapies across different patient populations. To date, the PROFICIO program consists of 35 clinical trials including more than 41,000 patients worldwide and more than 80 real-world evidence studies. About BEIJERINCK Study DesignEvolocumaB Effect on LDL-C LowerIng in SubJEcts with Human Immunodeficiency ViRus and INcreased Cardiovascular RisK (BEIJERINCK) is a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of 420 mg once-monthly treatment with evolocumab in HIV+ patients with hyperlipidemia or mixed dyslipidemia over 24 weeks. The study enrolled 467 adults with known HIV infection who have received stable HIV therapy for six months or more prior to randomization and have also been treated with maximally tolerated lipid-lowering therapy for four weeks or longer prior to randomization. Both background therapies were not expected to change during the duration of study participation. Statin-intolerant patients were also eligible for the study. Evolocumab-treated patients who completed the 24-week double-blind treatment period were enrolled in an open-label period through the end of the study at week 52. About Repatha (evolocumab)Repatha is a human monoclonal antibody that inhibits proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9). Repatha binds to PCSK9 and inhibits circulating PCSK9 from binding to the low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor (LDLR), preventing PCSK9-mediated LDLR degradation and permitting LDLR to recycle back to the liver cell surface. By inhibiting the binding of PCSK9 to LDLR, Repatha increases the number of LDLRs available to clear LDL from the blood, thereby lowering LDL-C levels.7 Repatha is approved in more than 70 countries, including the U.S., Japan, Canada and in all 28 countries that are members of the European Union. Applications in other countries are pending. Important U.S. Product Information Repatha is a PCSK9 (proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9) inhibitor antibody indicated: to reduce the risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, and coronary revascularization in adults with established cardiovascular disease. as an adjunct to diet, alone or in combination with other lipid-lowering therapies (e.g., statins, ezetimibe), for treatment of adults with primary hyperlipidemia (including heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia [HeFH]) to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). as an adjunct to diet and other LDL-lowering therapies (e.g., statins, ezetimibe, LDL apheresis) in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) who require additional lowering of LDL-C. The safety and effectiveness of Repatha have not been established in pediatric patients with HoFH who are younger than 13 years old or in pediatric patients with primary hyperlipidemia or HeFH. Important U.S. Safety Information Contraindication: Repatha is contraindicated in patients with a history of a serious hypersensitivity reaction to Repatha. Serious hypersensitivity reactions including angioedema have occurred in patients treated with Repatha. Allergic reactions: Hypersensitivity reactions (e.g. angioedema, rash, urticaria) have been reported in patients treated with Repatha, including some that led to discontinuation of therapy. If signs or symptoms of serious allergic reactions occur, discontinue treatment with Repatha, treat according to the standard of care, and monitor until signs and symptoms resolve. Adverse reactions: The most common adverse reactions (>5% of patients treated with Repatha and occurring more frequently than placebo) were: nasopharyngitis, upper respiratory tract infection, influenza, back pain, and injection site reactions. From a pool of the 52-week trial and seven 12-week trials: Local injection site reactions occurred in 3.2% and 3.0% of Repatha-treated and placebo-treated patients, respectively. The most common injection site reactions were erythema, pain, and bruising. Allergic reactions occurred in 5.1% and 4.7% of Repatha-treated and placebo-treated patients, respectively. The most common allergic reactions were rash (1.0% versus 0.5% for Repatha and placebo, respectively), eczema (0.4% versus 0.2%), erythema (0.4% versus 0.2%), and urticaria (0.4% versus 0.1%). The most common adverse reactions in the Cardiovascular Outcomes Trial (>5% of patients treated with Repatha and occurring more frequently than placebo) were: diabetes mellitus (8.8% Repatha, 8.2% placebo), nasopharyngitis (7.8% Repatha, 7.4% placebo), and upper respiratory tract infection (5.1% Repatha, 4.8% placebo). Among the 16,676 patients without diabetes mellitus at baseline, the incidence of new-onset diabetes mellitus during the trial was 8.1% in patients assigned to Repatha compared with 7.7% in those assigned to placebo. Homozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia (HoFH): The adverse reactions that occurred in at least two patients treated with Repatha and more frequently than placebo were: upper respiratory tract infection, influenza, gastroenteritis, and nasopharyngitis. Immunogenicity: Repatha is a human monoclonal antibody. As with all therapeutic proteins, there is a potential for immunogenicity with Repatha. Please contact Amgen Medinfo at 800-77-AMGEN (800-772-6436) or 844-REPATHA (844-737-2842) regarding Repatha availability or find more information, including full Prescribing Information, at www.amgen.com and www.Repatha.com. About Amgen in the Cardiovascular Therapeutic AreaBuilding on more than three decades of experience in developing biotechnology medicines for patients with serious illnesses, Amgen is dedicated to addressing important scientific questions to advance care and improve the lives of patients with cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Amgen's research into cardiovascular disease, and potential treatment options, is part of a growing competency at Amgen that utilizes human genetics to identify and validate certain drug targets. Through its own research and development efforts, as well as partnerships, Amgen is building a robust cardiovascular portfolio consisting of several approved and investigational molecules in an effort to address a number of today's important unmet patient needs, such as high cholesterol and heart failure. About AmgenAmgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative human therapeutics. This approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology. Amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its biologics manufacturing expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. A biotechnology pioneer since 1980, Amgen has grown to be the world's largest independent biotechnology company, has reached millions of patients around the world and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential. For more information, visit www.amgen.com and follow us on www.twitter.com/amgen. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements that are based on the current expectations and beliefs of Amgen. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including any statements on the outcome, benefits and synergies of collaborations with any other company, including BeiGene, Ltd., or the Otezla (apremilast) acquisition, including anticipated Otezla sales growth and the timing of non-GAAP EPS accretion, as well as estimates of revenues, operating margins, capital expenditures, cash, other financial metrics, expected legal, arbitration, political, regulatory or clinical results or practices, customer and prescriber patterns or practices, reimbursement activities and outcomes, effects of pandemics or other widespread health problems such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business, and other such estimates and results. Forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below and more fully described in the Securities and Exchange Commission reports filed by Amgen, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequent periodic reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Unless otherwise noted, Amgen is providing this information as of the date of this news release and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this document as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual results may differ materially from those we project. Discovery or identification of new product candidates or development of new indications for existing products cannot be guaranteed and movement from concept to product is uncertain; consequently, there can be no guarantee that any particular product candidate or development of a new indication for an existing product will be successful and become a commercial product. Further, preclinical results do not guarantee safe and effective performance of product candidates in humans. The complexity of the human body cannot be perfectly, or sometimes, even adequately modeled by computer or cell culture systems or animal models. The length of time that it takes for us to complete clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval for product marketing has in the past varied and we expect similar variability in the future. Even when clinical trials are successful, regulatory authorities may question the sufficiency for approval of the trial endpoints we have selected. We develop product candidates internally and through licensing collaborations, partnerships and joint ventures. Product candidates that are derived from relationships may be subject to disputes between the parties or may prove to be not as effective or as safe as we may have believed at the time of entering into such relationship. Also, we or others could identify safety, side effects or manufacturing problems with our products, including our devices, after they are on the market. Our results may be affected by our ability to successfully market both new and existing products domestically and internationally, clinical and regulatory developments involving current and future products, sales growth of recently launched products, competition from other products including biosimilars, difficulties or delays in manufacturing our products and global economic conditions. In addition, sales of our products are affected by pricing pressure, political and public scrutiny and reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers, including governments, private insurance plans and managed care providers and may be affected by regulatory, clinical and guideline developments and domestic and international trends toward managed care and healthcare cost containment. Furthermore, our research, testing, pricing, marketing and other operations are subject to extensive regulation by domestic and foreign government regulatory authorities. Our business may be impacted by government investigations, litigation and product liability claims. In addition, our business may be impacted by the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities. If we fail to meet the compliance obligations in the corporate integrity agreement between us and the U.S. government, we could become subject to significant sanctions. Further, while we routinely obtain patents for our products and technology, the protection offered by our patents and patent applications may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by our competitors, or we may fail to prevail in present and future intellectual property litigation. We perform a substantial amount of our commercial manufacturing activities at a few key facilities, including in Puerto Rico, and also depend on third parties for a portion of our manufacturing activities, and limits on supply may constrain sales of certain of our current products and product candidate development. An outbreak of disease or similar public health threat, such as COVID-19, and the public and governmental effort to mitigate against the spread of such disease, could have a significant adverse effect on the supply of materials for our manufacturing activities, the distribution of our products, the commercialization of our product candidates, and our clinical trial operations, and any such events may have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. We rely on collaborations with third parties for the development of some of our product candidates and for the commercialization and sales of some of our commercial products. In addition, we compete with other companies with respect to many of our marketed products as well as for the discovery and development of new products. Further, some raw materials, medical devices and component parts for our products are supplied by sole third-party suppliers. Certain of our distributors, customers and payers have substantial purchasing leverage in their dealings with us. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of our products that implicate an entire class of products could have a material adverse effect on sales of the affected products and on our business and results of operations. Our efforts to collaborate with or acquire other companies, products or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful. A breakdown, cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems and our data. Our stock price is volatile and may be affected by a number of events. Our business performance could affect or limit the ability of our Board of Directors to declare a dividend or our ability to pay a dividend or repurchase our common stock. We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. The scientific information discussed in this news release relating to any new indications for our products is preliminary and investigative and is not part of the labeling approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the products. The products are not approved for the investigational use(s) discussed in this news release, and no conclusions can or should be drawn regarding the safety or effectiveness of the products for these uses. CONTACT: Amgen, Thousand OaksTrish Rowland, 805-447-5631 (Media)Jessica Akopyan, 805-447-0974 (Media)Megan Fox, 805-447-1423 (Media)Arvind Sood, 805-447-1060 (Investors) References Bocarra F., et al. Evolocumab Use in Patients With Human Immunodeficiency Virus and Dyslipidemia: Primary Results of a Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study (BEIJERINCK). To be presented at ACC Scientific Sessions, Abstract Number 913-08 (2020). World Health Organization. HIV/AIDS. Available at: https://www.who.int/gho/hiv/en/. Accessed February 2020. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. HIV Surveillance Report, 2018 (Preliminary); vol. 30. Available at: http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/library/reports/hiv-surveillance.html. Accessed February 2020. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Estimated HIV incidence and prevalence in the United States, 2010 2016. HIV Surveillance Supplemental Report 2019;24(No. 1). Available at: http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/library/reports/hiv-surveillance.html. Accessed February 2020. Shah AS., et al. Global Burden of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in People Living With HIV. Circulation. 2018;138:1100 1112. American Heart Association. People living with HIV face premature heart disease and barriers to care. Available at: https://newsroom.heart.org/news/people-living-with-hiv-face-premature-heart-disease-and-barriers-to-care. Accessed February 2020. Repatha Prescribing Information; Amgen, Thousand Oaks, CA, 2018. SOURCE Amgen Related Links www.amgen.com

Authentic Brands Group Partners with DSW Inc. to Acquire Camuto Group, Legendary Footwear and Accessories Organization Partnership Bolsters ABG's Portfolio and Secures an Expert Footwear Operating Partner NEW YORK, Oct. 10, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Authentic Brands Group LLC (ABG), a global brand development, marketing and entertainment company, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to purchase a majority stake in the intellectual property of the Camuto Group's proprietary brands in partnership with DSW Inc. (NYSE: DSW), a leading North American footwear and accessories retailer. This acquisition enhances ABG's portfolio by significantly growing the company's stake in the footwear and accessories market and increasing its brands' collective value to more than $8.3 billion in annual retail sales. "We are thrilled to welcome the Camuto Group to the ABG family and forge a long-term relationship with DSW," said Jamie Salter, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ABG. "This strategic arrangement preserves the Camuto Group operation, which will continue to service its current footwear partners, and provides a robust infrastructure for new brands and growth. In addition, our partnership with DSW links ABG to a footwear authority whose sourcing and manufacturing expertise will extend across our portfolio." Founded in 2001, the Camuto Group is a legendary footwear and accessories organization best known for the eponymous Vince Camuto brand. Today Vince Camuto comprises key categories including footwear, fragrance, apparel, handbags and accessories and can be found in over 8,000 retail locations including department stores and specialty accounts. DSW Inc. is known for challenging convention and for its pioneering digital innovation, having twice been named "Best Omnichannel Retailer" by Total Retail. The leading footwear retailer now acquires the Camuto Group operation including its renowned design, sourcing, production and wholesale infrastructure. DSW Inc. will also acquire the licensing rights for Jessica Simpson footwear, and Lucky Brand and Max Studio footwear and handbags. The company will also acquire joint venture participation in the ED Ellen DeGeneres and Mercedes Castillo brands. With this move, ABG takes a page from its acquisition playbook for A ropostale and Nautica, creating a similar structure that secures a dedicated operating partner in footwear. ABG's proven know-how in brand building, marketing and business development, combined with the retail, ecommerce and wholesale expertise of DSW Inc., provide a strong foundation for long-term growth. "The purchase of the Camuto Group operation transforms DSW Inc. into one of the largest footwear franchises in North America. Our new design and sourcing capabilities create opportunities for us to pursue market share and become integral to more consumer purchase decisions," said Roger Rawlins, Chief Executive Officer of DSW. "In addition to the licensing benefits of our strategic partnership with ABG, this acquisition allows DSW Inc. to harness Camuto Group's product development and wholesale capabilities while supporting its growth as a global lifestyle brand." "The partnership with DSW and ABG creates an unmatched opportunity for the Camuto Group to expand the platform for our leading lifestyle brands," said Alex Del Cielo, Chief Executive Officer of Camuto Group. "By leveraging DSW's resources, we will strengthen our wholesale business and bring to market an exciting and world-class, direct-to-consumer experience that will grow our brand equity and customer demand across additional points of sale. I believe our founder Vince Camuto would be as excited about the transaction as we are and view the opportunity as a way to extend the company's reach and realize his vision." As part of the agreement, ABG will partner with DSW Inc. to acquire the intellectual property of Camuto Group's proprietary brands, taking the majority stake of 60% and DSW Inc. taking the balance of 40%. Brands include Vince Camuto , Louise et Cie , Sole Society , Enzo Angiolini and others. The partnership will focus on licensing the brands across existing lines in footwear, handbags and jewelry, and new category development with a focus on building out each brand's lifestyle offerings. DSW Inc. has released a separate announcement, which can be viewed by visiting https://investors.dswshoe.com/. Under a separately negotiated agreement, ABG will purchase the intellectual property of the Bernard Chaus Inc. (BCI) brands in partnership with Ariel Chaus, the current Chief Executive Officer and former owner of BCI. Brands include the fashion and contemporary women's apparel labels 1.STATE , CeCe and Chaus . Ariel Chaus will also repurchase the BCI business from Camuto Group and become the core women's apparel licensing partner for Vince Camuto . Together, ABG and BCI will galvanize the brands' growth strategies and launch an elevated women's sportswear platform that will service better department stores around the world. The transactions are subject to customary closing conditions and are expected to close within thirty days. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is serving as exclusive financial advisor to DSW Inc. and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz LLP is serving as legal advisor to DSW. Paul Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP is serving as legal advisor to ABG. MMG Advisors Inc. is serving as financial advisor to Camuto Group. Pryor Cashman LLP is serving as legal advisor to Camuto Group. About ABGAuthentic Brands Group (ABG) is a brand development, marketing, and entertainment company, which owns a portfolio of global entertainment and lifestyle brands. Headquartered in New York City, ABG manages, elevates, and builds the long-term value of more than 40* consumer brands by partnering with best-in-class manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers. Our brands have a global retail footprint in more than 50,000 points of sale across the luxury, specialty, department store, mid-tier, mass, and e-commerce channels and more than 4,400 branded freestanding stores and shop-in-shops around the world. ABG is committed to transforming brands by delivering compelling product, content, business, and immersive brand experiences. We create and activate original marketing strategies to drive the success of our brands across all consumer touchpoints, platforms, and emerging media. ABG's global portfolio includes Marilyn Monroe , Mini Marilyn , Elvis Presley , Muhammad Ali , Shaquille O'Neal , Dr. J , Greg Norman , Neil Lane , Thalia , Michael Jackson (managed brand), Nautica , A ropostale , Juicy Couture , Vince Camuto *, Herve Leger , Judith Leiber , Frederick's of Hollywood , Nine West , Frye , Jones New York , Louise et Cie *, Sole Society *, Enzo Angiolini *, Hickey Freeman , Hart Schaffner Marx , Adrienne Vittadini , Taryn Rose , Bandolino , Misook , 1.STATE *, CeCe *, Chaus *, Spyder , Tretorn , Tapout , Prince , Airwalk , Vision Street Wear , Above The Rim , and Hind . ABG-NYC.com. *Pending closing in Q4 of 2018. About DSW Inc.DSW Inc. is a leading footwear and accessories retailer that operates a portfolio of several value retail concepts under the DSW Designer Shoe Warehouse, Shoe Company, Shoe Warehouse and Town Shoes brands. DSW also supplies footwear at leased locations in the U.S. through its Affiliated Business Group and franchised international locations. Products are available across North America at nearly 1,000 retail outlets and via e-commerce sites and a mobile app. More information can be found at www.dswinc.com. About Camuto GroupCamuto Group is an international company that designs, develops and distributes fashion footwear, accessories and apparel. Founded in 2001 by Vince Camuto, the company is renowned for its ability to develop lifestyle brands on a global scale. Camuto Group builds on the success of Vince Camuto , extending to brands that include Louise et Cie , Two By Vince Camuto , Vince Camuto men's, Imagine Vince Camuto and 1. STATE . Camuto Group also holds footwear licenses for Jessica Simpson , as well as footwear and handbag licenses for Lucky Brand and ED Ellen DeGeneres . To expand Camuto Group's platform and develop apparel opportunities for partners, the company acquired Bernard Chaus Inc. in 2015. As part of the company's focus on digital innovation and demand prediction, Camuto Group added Sole Society to its stable of brands in 2016. In addition, Camuto Group entered into a partnership with Mercedes Castillo to launch an advanced contemporary lifestyle collection. Camuto Group products including footwear, handbags and jewelry are sold in more than 5,400 doors worldwide. Contact: Haley Steinberg[email protected] SOURCE Authentic Brands Group Related Links http://ABG-NYC.com

Yamana Gold Increases Gold Production Guidance and Updates Improved Strategic Life of Mine Plan and Phased Expansion for Its Jacobina Mine and Announces Annual Significant Corporate G&A Reductions TORONTO, June 27, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- YAMANA GOLD INC. (TSX: YRI; NYSE: AUY) ( Yamana or the Company ) today announced an increase to the three year guidance for its wholly-owned Jacobina mine and an update on its two-phased plan to further increase production thereby improving the strategic life of mine. The following tables present the Company's increased production expectations for Jacobina in 2019, 2020, 2021, and cost guidance for 2019, excluding further potential upside from the Phase 2 expansion described below and any benefit from higher grade ore. Increases in production are only attributable to implementation of the Phase 1 expansion, which is now in progress. 2018 Actual 2019 Guidance 2020 Guidance 2021 Guidance Jacobina Gold Production (oz.) 144,695 152,000 160,000 170,000 Previous (oz) 145,000 - - Total Cost of Sales per GEO sold(2,3) Cash Costs(1,3) per GEO sold AISC(1,2,3) per GEO sold 2018 Actual 2019 Guidance 2018 Actual 2019 Guidance 2018 Actual 2019 Guidance Jacobina $967 $1,005 $675 $700 $891 $890 Refers to a non-GAAP financial measure or an additional line item or subtotal in financial statements. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP financial measures are available at www.yamana.com/Q12019 and in Section 10 of the Company s first quarter 2019 Management s Discussion & Analysis, which has been filed on SEDAR. Mine site AISC (all-in sustaining costs) includes cash costs, mine site general and administrative expense, sustaining capital, capitalized exploration and expensed exploration. Consolidated AISC incorporates additional non-mine site costs including corporate general and administrative expense. Yamana reports costs on a gold equivalent ounce basis; Jacobina produces only gold. Therefore, in the case of Jacobina, gold equivalent ounces are equal to gold ounces. The Company is one year ahead of schedule in its plans to increase sustainable production to 150,000 ounces per year and now forecasts life of mine production of over 170,000 ounces per year after 2021. Guidance for 2019 capital costs remains unchanged. Furthermore, the company expects a similar level of total capital spending during 2020. (All amounts are expressed in United States Dollars unless otherwise indicated.) JACOBINA PHASE 1 UPDATE Phase 1 involves a modest plant optimization to increase throughput to a sustainable level of 6,500 tonnes per day ( tpd ) by mid-2020. This optimization is ahead of schedule with quarter to date throughput averaging 6,182 tpd thereby allowing the Company to increase its guidance. This compares to average daily throughput of 5,580 tpd in 2018. Optimization work completed to date includes improving grinding and crushing with the installation of an Advanced Process Control system with monitoring devices for the mill and crushing circuit. Further initiatives to reduce plant maintenance downtime were completed in May. Remaining work for Phase 1 is well advanced. Commissioning of a high frequency sieve and an induction furnace is expected in the third quarter and commissioning of two gravimetric concentrators and a cyclone battery to feed the thickener is expected by the first quarter of 2020. As of the end of June, the remaining project capital costs to complete Phase 1 are approximately $3.4 million. Approximately $2 million of these costs, included in previously guided capital spending, will be spent over the balance of 2019 with the remainder in 2020. Phase 1 is expected to increase the gold production rate to approximately 170,000 ounces per year by 2021 at the current mineral reserves grade, a 21% increase compared to original 2019 production guidance of 145,000 ounces per year. Following completion of the mill optimization, there is potential for a further production increase driven by higher grades. In 2019, exploration work has focused on supporting the planned expansion and targeting new mineral resources at a grade of 3.0 grams per tonne ( g/t ) or better. At year-end 2018, proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 2.1 million ounces of gold contained in 27.9 million tonnes at an average grade of 2.34 g/t, measured and indicated mineral resources were 3.2 million ounces of gold contained in 40.7 million tonnes at 2.47 g/t, and inferred mineral resources totaled 1.0 million ounces contained in 12.1 million tonnes at 2.58 g/t. The mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates for Jacobina at December 31, 2018, are set out below. Updated mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates at Jacobina are expected to be provided in the third quarter of 2019. The update will incorporate infill drilling of the higher grade inferred mineral resources at Jo o Belo, Canavieiras Sul, Morro do Cuscuz, and Morro do Vento. Assuming an increase in grade for the updated mineral reserves, sustainable production resulting from Phase 1 has the potential to exceed the 170,000 gold ounces per year production level. While the updated guidance shows incremental production increases in the next three years, resulting from the staged throughput increases as Phase 1 is fully implemented, the Phase 1 expansion creates a sustainable production level of at least 170,000 gold ounces per year for the life of mine after the three year guidance period based on current mineral reserve grades, which would further increase with grade improvements. JACOBINA PHASE 2 UPDATE The Phase 2 plant expansion is expected to result in a larger increase in plant capacity with a likely scenario in the range of 7,500 tpd to 8,500 tpd, while maintaining gold recoveries of between 96%-97%. The higher throughput would gradually increase Jacobina s gold production to at least 200,000 ounces per year and up to 225,000 ounces per year by 2023 based on current mineral reserve grades. A pre-feasibility study ( PFS ) to identify optimum mining and processing expansion scenarios, evaluate project economics, and determine a project development schedule including the timing for permit applications is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020. Investment for Phase 2 is expected to occur mostly in 2021 and 2022 with the objective of being at the higher throughput level at the beginning of 2023. No expansionary capital will be committed to the plant expansion until the PFS is completed. The Company s hurdle requirement for expenditure on the Phase 2 expansion is an after-tax IRR exceeding 15%. The decision to proceed with the investment will be driven by the expansion of the plant throughput, thus bringing forward cash flows, but also an extension of mine life from continued exploration success and improvements to Jacobina s average mineral reserve grade, which would support the investment decision. To this end, the Company has approved a $3 million increase to Jacobina s exploration budget for the balance of 2019 and builds on the success from the 2018 program. A dedicated exploration update for Jacobina will be provided during the third quarter of 2019. Jacobina has improved significantly in the last several years across all measures, and it is now one of our higher quality, high value operations, said Daniel Racine, President and Chief Executive Officer of Yamana. We believe that it is on the cusp of becoming a world class mine, particularly once a decision is made to proceed with the Phase 2 expansion, given strong production, production growth, increasing mineral inventory at improving grades, and continuous increases in cash flow. The planned expansion at Jacobina is the continuation of a series of incremental improvements that have been successfully implemented over the past four years, during which gold production increased from 75,000 ounces in 2014 to 145,000 ounces in 2018. The following table shows the incremental gold production growth trend that Yamana is targeting with the Phase 1 and Phase 2 expansions. These objectives are based on increase in throughput only and do not include further upside for an increase in grade as a result of exploration. 2018 Actual 2019 Guidance 2020 Guidance 2021 Guidance 2022 Objective 2023 Objective Jacobina Gold Production (oz.) 144,695 152,000 160,000 170,000 200,000 200,000-225,000 As of December 31, 2018, mineral reserves and mineral resources were as follows and supported a mine life of at least 13 years. Mineral Reserve Statement, Jacobina Proven Mineral Reserves Probable Mineral Reserves Total Proven & Probable Tonnes Grade Contained Tonnes Grade Contained Tonnes Grade Contained (000's) (g/t) oz. (000's) (000's) (g/t) oz. (000's) (000's) (g/t) oz. (000's) Gold 18,565 2.32 1,385 9,290 2.39 714 27,855 2.34 2,099 Mineral Resource Statement, Jacobina Measured Mineral Resources Indicated Mineral Resources Total Measured & Indicated Tonnes Grade Contained Tonnes Grade Contained Tonnes Grade Contained (000's) (g/t) oz. (000's) (000's) (g/t) oz. (000's) (000's) (g/t) oz. (000's) Gold 24,999 2.48 1,994 15,711 2.45 1,238 40,710 2.47 3,232 Inferred Mineral Resources Tonnes Grade Contained (000's) (g/t) oz. (000's) Gold 12,145 2.58 1,008 Mineral Reserve and Mineral Resource Reporting Notes Metal Price, Cut-off Grade, Metallurgical Recovery: Mineral Reserves Mineral Resources Price assumptions: $1,250 gold Underground cut-off grade is 1.20 g/t gold Metallurgical recovery is 96% Price assumptions: $1,500 gold Underground cut-off grade is 1.0 g/t gold with a minimum mining width of 1.5 metres Metallurgical recovery is 96% All Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources have been calculated in accordance with the standards of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum and National Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects All mineral resources are reported exclusive of mineral reserves. Mineral resources which are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. Mineral reserves and mineral resources are reported as of December 31, 2018. Due to rounding, numbers may not add precisely to the totals. A mid-year mineral reserves and resources estimate is planned for later this summer based on the extensive additional drilling information obtained since last year. An exploration update showing further geological potential and expectations will also be provided. The Company is also evaluating a paste/backfill plan that will aim to reduce dilution and further improve production and costs. An update is planned before the end of the year. CORPORATE OVERHEAD IMPROVEMENTS Yamana has been critically evaluating its general and administrative ( G&A ) expenses to align its cost structure to its remaining portfolio of assets, as the Chapada sale is expected to be completed within the next few weeks. The Company now expects 2019 G&A expenses on a cash basis to be lowered to $68 million compared with previous guidance of $75 million, implying a run rate of approximately $60 million per year. The Company expects G&A expenses to remain at $60 million in 2020, resulting in savings of over $15 million annually, and the Company anticipates that further reductions will be realized through optimizations and cost reduction initiatives. These savings will be realized from the direct impact of the Chapada sale and adjustments resulting from a smaller regional presence in Brazil. Furthermore, the Company s overall organizational structure is being streamlined across South America in particular and over the entire organization more generally. The anticipated saving from the G&A initiatives that we are implementing align with the strategic rationale of the Chapada sale, Racine said. They will further strengthen our balance sheet and improve our financial flexibility, and they will simplify our organizational structure to match the Company s remaining portfolio of five mines. UPCOMING EVENTS The Company would like to highlight a number of notable upcoming events and milestones. These include: The pre-feasibility study for Agua Rica. The completion of the Chapada sale, expected in early July. Following the closing of the Chapada sale, the repayment of the Company s outstanding revolving credit facility and near and medium-term fixed term debt maturities from proceeds of the transaction. Preliminary second quarter operational results, expected during the second week of July. The release of second quarter financial and operational results on July 25. Delivery of an exploration update press release on Jacobina during the third quarter. An investor tour of the Jacobina mine this fall. Details to follow in the coming weeks. Qualified Persons Scientific and technical information contained in this news release has been reviewed and approved by S bastien Bernier, (P.Geo and Senior Director, Geology and Mineral Resources). S bastien Bernier is an employee of Yamana and a "Qualified Person" as defined by Canadian Securities Administrators' National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects. Data verification related to certain scientific and technical information disclosed in this news release in connection with Yamana s material properties can be found in the Company s Annual Information Form dated March 28, 2019, available under the Company s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the Company s website. About Yamana Yamana is a Canadian-based gold, silver and copper producer with a significant portfolio comprised of operating mines, development stage projects, and exploration and mineral properties throughout the Americas, mainly in Canada, Brazil, Chile and Argentina. Yamana plans to continue to build on this base through expansion and optimization initiatives at existing operating mines, development of new mines, the advancement of its exploration properties and, at times, by targeting other consolidation opportunities with a primary focus in the Americas. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT: Investor Relations 416-815-0220 1-888-809-0925 Email: investor@yamana.com CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: This news release contains or incorporates by reference forward-looking statements and forward-looking information under applicable Canadian securities legislation within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking information includes, but is not limited to information with respect to the Company s strategy, plans or future financial or operating performance, expected G&A expenses, production and costs, the completion of the Chapada sale and expected use of proceeds, and the 2019, 2020 and 2021 production and cost guidance with respect to the Jacobina mine, the Company s production, exploration, development and expansion plans and strategy at the Jacobina mine and the expected timing and results of such plans, the expected timing for completion of the PFS and the release of updated mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates. Forward-looking statements are characterized by words such as plan, expect , budget , target , project , intend , believe , anticipate , estimate and other similar words, or statements that certain events or conditions may or will occur. Forward-looking statements are based on the opinions, assumptions and estimates of management considered reasonable at the date the statements are made, and are inherently subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other known and unknown factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. These factors include the Parties expectations in connection with the development, exploration and construction plans for the integrated Agua Rica and Alumbrera discussed herein being met, and the impact of general business and economic conditions, global liquidity and credit availability on the timing of cash flows and the values of assets and liabilities based on projected future conditions, fluctuating metal prices (such as gold, copper, silver, zinc and molybdenum), currency exchange rates (such as the Argentine peso versus the United States dollar), the impact of inflation, possible variations in ore grade or recovery rates, hedging programs, changes in accounting policies, changes in Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves, risks related to other investments, risks related to metal purchase agreements, risks related to acquisitions, changes in project parameters as plans continue to be refined, changes in project development, construction, production and commissioning time frames, unanticipated costs and expenses, higher prices for fuel, steel, power, labour and other consumables contributing to higher costs and general risks of the mining industry, failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated, unexpected changes in mine life, final pricing for concentrate sales, unanticipated results of future studies, seasonality and unanticipated weather changes, costs and timing of the development of new deposits, success of exploration activities, permitting timelines, government regulation and the risk of government expropriation or nationalization of mining operations, risks related to relying on local advisors and consultants in foreign jurisdictions, environmental risks, unanticipated reclamation expenses, risks related to fiscal stability agreements, risks relating to joint venture operations, title disputes or claims, limitations on insurance coverage and timing and possible outcome of pending and outstanding litigation and labour disputes, risks related to enforcing legal rights in foreign jurisdictions, as well as those risk factors discussed or referred to herein and in the Parties filings with applicable securities regulatory authorities and publically available. Although the Parties have attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results not to be anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. The Parties undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements if circumstances or management s estimates, assumptions or opinions should change, except as required by applicable law. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The forward-looking information contained herein is presented for the purpose of assisting investors in understanding the Parties expected plans and objectives and may not be appropriate for other purposes.

BankUnited, Inc. Temporarily Suspends Share Repurchase Program MIAMI LAKES, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--BankUnited, Inc. (NYSE: BKU), (the Company ) today announced that it has temporarily suspended its share repurchase program. Given the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and surrounding events, the decision to temporarily suspend share repurchases is consistent with the utilization of capital to provide support to customers through lending and other services. BankUnited remains strong and well-capitalized, and the Company retains the ability to reinstate the share repurchase program as soon as circumstances warrant. Through March 13, 2020, the Company had repurchased approximately 3.4 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $105.1 million under its existing $150 million share repurchase authorization. About BankUnited, Inc. BankUnited, Inc. (NYSE: BKU), with total assets of $32.9 billion at December 31, 2019, is the bank holding company of BankUnited, N.A., a national bank headquartered in Miami Lakes, Florida with banking centers in Florida and New York metropolitan area. For additional information, call (877) 779-2265 or visit www.BankUnited.com. BankUnited can be found on Facebook at facebook.com/BankUnited.official and on Twitter @BankUnited.

2020 Annual General Meeting Further to the press release of June 23, 2020 giving notice that the Golar LNG Limited 2020 Annual General Meeting will be held on September 24, 2020, a copy of the Notice of Annual General Meeting and associated information including the Company s Annual Report on Form 20-F can be found on our website at http://www.golarlng.com and in the attachments below. Golar LNG Limited Hamilton, Bermuda August 31, 2020

Yandex Announces Board Authorization of a Share Repurchase Program MOSCOW and AMSTERDAM, The Netherlands, Nov. 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Yandex N.V. (NASDAQ and MOEX: YNDX), one of Europe's largest internet companies and the leading search provider in Russia, today announces that its Board of Directors has authorized a repurchase of up to $300 million worth of Class A shares of Yandex N.V. Such shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions. The timing and amount of share repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions. Yandex intends to make all repurchases in compliance with applicable regulatory guidelines and to administer the program in accordance with applicable laws, including Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The repurchase program will be in effect for up to twelve months. Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements under the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. These risk and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the completion of the Company's share repurchase program. Forward-looking statements reflect management's analysis as of the date of this press release. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are more fully described in our filings with the SEC. Except as required by applicable law, we do not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Yandex Yandex (NASDAQ and MOEX:YNDX) is a technology company that builds intelligent products and services powered by machine learning. Our goal is to help consumers and businesses better navigate the online and offline world. Since 1997, we have delivered world-class, locally relevant search and information services. Additionally, we have developed market-leading on-demand transportation services, navigation products, and other mobile applications for millions of consumers across the globe. Yandex, which has 34 offices worldwide, has been listed on the NASDAQ since 2011. More information on Yandex can be found at https://yandex.com/company. Contacts: Investor Relations Katya Zhukova Phone: +7 495 974-35-38 E-mail: askIR@yandex-team.ru Media Relations Ilya Grabovskiy Phone: +7 495 739-70-00 E-mail: pr@yandex-team.ru

TechnipFMC Awarded Contract Offshore Malaysia by Sabah Shell Petroleum LONDON & PARIS & HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TechnipFMC (NYSE:FTI) (PARIS:FTI) has been awarded an Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Installation contract by Sabah Shell Petroleum Company Ltd. This award covers the delivery and installation of subsea equipment including umbilicals, flowlines and the subsea production system for the Gumusut-Kakap Phase 2 Project. Hallvard Hasselknippe, President of TechnipFMC s Subsea business, commented: We are extremely honored to have been awarded this project by Sabah Shell Petroleum. This award demonstrates the added value of our unique integrated offering (iEPCI ) and brings TechnipFMC s integrated model to the Asia Pacific region. Important Information for Investors and Securityholders Forward-Looking Statement This release contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words scheduled, estimated and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. Such forward-looking statements involve significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include the Company's ability to successfully deliver, and Sabah Shell Petroleum Company Ltd s acceptance of, the various subsea products ordered. For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results, please see our risk factors set forth in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, which include our Registration Statement on Form S-4, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of our forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. About TechnipFMC TechnipFMC is a global leader in subsea, onshore/offshore, and surface projects. With our proprietary technologies and production systems, integrated expertise, and comprehensive solutions, we are transforming our clients project economics. We are uniquely positioned to deliver greater efficiency across project lifecycles from concept to project delivery and beyond. Through innovative technologies and improved efficiencies, our offering unlocks new possibilities for our clients in developing their oil and gas resources. Each of our more than 37,000 employees is driven by a steady commitment to clients and a culture of purposeful innovation, challenging industry conventions, and rethinking how the best results are achieved. To learn more about us and how we are enhancing the performance of the world s energy industry, go to TechnipFMC.com and follow us on Twitter @TechnipFMC.

Schmitt Industries Announces $2M Stock Repurchase Plan PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 03, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Schmitt Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMIT) (the Company or Schmitt ) today announced that its Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase plan (the Plan ) to buy up to $2 million of its common stock. Schmitt intends to purchase shares from time to time through open market and private transactions in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission rules. The Plan is authorized through December 16, 2020. There is no guarantee as to the exact number of, or value of, shares that will be repurchased by Schmitt and the Company may discontinue repurchases at any time. The timing and amount of share repurchases under the Plan will depend on a number of factors, including Schmitt s stock price performance, ongoing capital planning considerations, general market conditions, and applicable legal requirements. About Schmitt Industries Schmitt Industries, Inc., founded in 1987, designs, manufactures and sells high precision test and measurement products, solutions and services through its Acuity and Xact product lines. Contact: Schmitt Industries, Inc. Michael R. Zapata Chief Executive Officer (503) 227-7908

PVH Corp. Reports 2018 Second Quarter Revenue and EPS above Guidance and Raises Full Year Outlook Second quarter revenue increased 13% (increased 11% on a constant currency basis) compared to the prior year period and exceeded guidance Second quarter EPS exceeded guidance and was: GAAP basis: $2.12 compared to guidance of $1.98 to $2.03 Non GAAP basis: $2.18 compared to guidance of $2.05 to $2.10 Full year 2018 EPS outlook raised despite reduced foreign currency benefit: GAAP basis: Raised to $8.96 to $9.01 from $8.81 to $8.91 previously Non GAAP basis: Raised to $9.20 to $9.25 from $9.05 to $9.15 previously The strengthening U.S. dollar lowered the estimated positive impact of foreign currency translation to $0.07 per share, from $0.12 previously NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--PVH Corp. [NYSE: PVH] reported 2018 second quarter results. Non-GAAP Amounts:Amounts stated to be on a non-GAAP basis exclude the items that are described below under the heading Non-GAAP Exclusions. Amounts stated on a constant currency basis are also deemed to be on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations of amounts on a GAAP basis to amounts on a non-GAAP basis are presented later in this release and identify and quantify all excluded items. CEO Comments:Commenting on these results, Emanuel Chirico, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, noted, Our better than expected second quarter revenue and earnings reflected continued broad-based strength across our businesses and further underscored the momentum in our global designer lifestyle brands, CALVIN KLEIN and TOMMY HILFIGER, and the power of our diversified business model. Mr. Chirico continued, We are increasingly evolving our business model and investing across our brands, our people and our platforms, while finding innovative ways to engage consumers. We have made great progress in enhancing our consumer insights capabilities, increasing our efforts around online and offline consumer experiences, and driving engagement with the next generation of consumers. As we execute on our strategic priorities, we believe that we can continue to grow our global footprint, while delivering a sustainable trajectory of long-term growth and stockholder value creation. Mr. Chirico concluded, We are increasing our revenue and earnings guidance for the year, while continuing to take a prudent approach to planning our business in the second half of the year, as we experience increasing macroeconomic and geopolitical volatility around the world. Second Quarter Business Review:Due to the 53rd week in 2017, second quarter 2018 comparable store sales are more appropriately compared with the thirteen week period ended August 6, 2017, instead of the period ended July 30, 2017. All comparable store sales discussed in this release are presented on this one week shifted basis. Calvin KleinRevenue in the Calvin Klein business for the quarter increased 18% to $925 million (increased 16% on a constant currency basis) compared to the prior year period. Calvin Klein International revenue increased 16% to $458 million (increased 13% on a constant currency basis) compared to the prior year period, driven by strong performance in Europe and Asia, including a 5% increase in comparable store sales. Calvin Klein North America revenue increased 19% to $467 million compared to the prior year period primarily as a result of strong wholesale performance and a 2% increase in comparable store sales. Earnings before interest and taxes for the quarter increased to $105 million from $96 million in the prior year period. The earnings increase was primarily attributable to the revenue increase noted above, partially offset by the impact of aggressively clearing inventory in connection with the Fall 2018 global denim relaunch. Tommy HilfigerRevenue in the Tommy Hilfiger business for the quarter increased 15% to $1.0 billion (increased 13% on a constant currency basis) compared to the prior year period. Tommy Hilfiger International revenue increased 20% to $592 million (increased 16% on a constant currency basis) compared to the prior year period, driven by continued strong performance across all regions and channels, including an 11% increase in comparable store sales. Tommy Hilfiger North America revenue increased 9% to $437 million compared to the prior year period, principally attributable to continued strong performance in the wholesale business and a 5% increase in comparable store sales. Earnings before interest and taxes on a GAAP basis for the quarter increased to $134 million from $91 million in the prior year period. Included in earnings before interest and taxes for the current quarter were costs of $7 million related to the April 2016 acquisition of the 55% interest in the Company s former Tommy Hilfiger joint venture in China ( TH China ) that it did not already own (the TH China acquisition ), consisting of noncash amortization of short-lived assets. Included in earnings before interest and taxes for the prior year period were costs of (i) $7 million related to the TH China acquisition, primarily consisting of noncash amortization of short-lived assets, and (ii) $7 million in connection with the relocation of the Tommy Hilfiger office in New York, including noncash depreciation expense. Earnings before interest and taxes on a non-GAAP basis discussed below excludes these amounts. Earnings before interest and taxes on a non-GAAP basis for the quarter increased to $141 million from $105 million in the prior year period. The earnings increase was principally due to the revenue increase noted above, as well as gross margin improvements, particularly in North America, and a leveraging of expenses. Heritage BrandsRevenue in the Heritage Brands business for the quarter decreased 3% to $380 million compared to the prior year period. Comparable store sales increased 3%. Earnings before interest and taxes for the quarter decreased to $33 million from $35 million in the prior year period, driven by the decrease in revenue noted above. Second Quarter Consolidated Results:Second quarter revenue increased 13% to $2.3 billion (increased 11% on a constant currency basis) compared to the prior year period. Earnings per share on a GAAP basis was $2.12 for the second quarter of 2018 compared to $1.52 in the prior year period. These results include the amounts with respect to the applicable period described under the heading Non-GAAP Exclusions later in this release. Earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis for these periods, as discussed below, exclude these amounts. Earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis was $2.18 for the second quarter of 2018 compared to $1.69 in the prior year period. Earnings per share on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis for the second quarter of 2018 included a $0.03 positive impact related to foreign currency translation. Earnings before interest and taxes on a GAAP basis for the quarter increased to $231 million from $181 million in the prior year period. Included in earnings before interest and taxes for the current quarter were costs of $7 million related to the TH China acquisition. Included in earnings before interest and taxes for the prior year period were $19 million of costs consisting of (i) $7 million related to the TH China acquisition, (ii) $7 million in connection with the relocation of the Tommy Hilfiger office in New York, including noncash depreciation expense, and (iii) $6 million in connection with the consolidation within the Company s warehouse and distribution network in North America. Earnings before interest and taxes on a non-GAAP basis for these periods, as discussed below, exclude these amounts. Earnings before interest and taxes on a non-GAAP basis for the quarter was $238 million compared to $200 million in the prior year period. The improvement in earnings was primarily driven by growth in the Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein businesses. Net interest expense of $29 million was relatively flat as compared to the prior year period. The effective tax rate on a GAAP basis was 18.6% as compared to 20.8% in the prior year period. The effective tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 18.8% as compared to 21.9% in the prior year period. Six Months Consolidated Results:Revenue for the first six months of 2018 increased 15% to $4.6 billion (increased 11% on a constant currency basis) compared to the prior year period. The revenue increase was due to: Earnings per share on a GAAP basis was $4.42 for the first six months of 2018 compared to $2.41 in the prior year period. These results include the amounts with respect to the applicable period described under the heading Non-GAAP Exclusions later in this release. Earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis for these periods, as discussed below, exclude these amounts. Earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis was $4.55 for the first six months of 2018 compared to $3.34 in the prior year period. Earnings per share on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis for the first six months of 2018 included a $0.23 positive impact related to foreign currency translation. Earnings before interest and taxes on a GAAP basis for the first six months of 2018 increased to $476 million, inclusive of a $21 million positive impact due to foreign currency translation, from $294 million in the prior year period. Included in earnings before interest and taxes for the first six months of 2018 were costs of $14 million related to the TH China acquisition. Included in earnings before interest and taxes for the prior year period were $99 million of costs consisting of (i) $54 million in connection with the agreements to restructure the Company s supply chain relationship with Li & Fung Trading Limited ( Li & Fung ), under which the Company terminated its non-exclusive buying agency agreement with Li & Fung during 2017 (the Li & Fung termination ), (ii) $14 million related to the TH China acquisition, (iii) $14 million in connection with the relocation of the Tommy Hilfiger office in New York, including noncash depreciation expense, (iv) $9 million in connection with the noncash settlement of certain of the Company s retirement plan benefit obligations, and (v) $7 million in connection with the consolidation within the Company s warehouse and distribution network in North America. Earnings before interest and taxes on a non-GAAP basis for these periods, as discussed below, exclude these amounts. Earnings before interest and taxes on a non-GAAP basis for the first six months of 2018 was $489 million, inclusive of a $21 million positive impact due to foreign currency translation, compared to $392 million in the prior year period. The improvement in earnings was driven by strong growth across all businesses. Net interest expense of $58 million for the first six months of 2018 was relatively flat as compared to the prior year period. The effective tax rate on a GAAP basis for the first six months of 2018 was 17.8% as compared to 19.5% in the prior year period. The effective tax rate on a non-GAAP basis for the first six months of 2018 was 18.0% as compared to 21.3% in the prior year period. Inventory levels increased 16% as compared to the prior year period due to a shift in the timing of inventory receipts as a result of the 53rd week in 2017 and an expected increase in third quarter of 2018 sales as compared to the prior year period. Stock Repurchase Program:During the first six months of 2018, the Company repurchased approximately 900,000 shares of its common stock for $137 million (7.7 million shares for $829 million since inception) under the $1.250 billion stock repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors through June 3, 2020. Stock repurchases under the program may be made from time to time over the period through open market purchases, accelerated share repurchase programs, privately negotiated transactions or other methods, as the Company deems appropriate. Purchases are made based on a variety of factors, such as price, corporate requirements and overall market conditions, applicable legal requirements and limitations, restrictions under the Company s debt arrangements, trading restrictions under the Company s insider trading policy and other relevant factors. The program may be modified by the Board, including to increase or decrease the repurchase limitation or extend, suspend, or terminate the program, at any time, without prior notice. 2018 Outlook:The Company s effective tax rate projections for 2018 include estimates of the impacts of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Legislation ) enacted on December 22, 2017, including (i) the reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, (ii) the implementation of a modified territorial tax system, (iii) the introduction of a tax on foreign income in excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of foreign corporations (known as GILTI ) and (iv) the introduction of a base erosion anti-abuse tax measure (known as BEAT ) that taxes certain payments between U.S. corporations and their subsidiaries. These projections are subject to adjustment in 2018, including as a result of changes in the provisional net tax benefit of $53 million recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017, during the measurement period allowed by the Securities and Exchange Commission as regulatory guidance needs to be issued in regard to the Tax Legislation and as the Company completes its final analysis of the impacts of the Tax Legislation. Please see the section entitled Full Year and Quarterly Reconciliations of GAAP to Non-GAAP Amounts at the end of this release for further detail and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP amounts discussed in this section. Full Year GuidanceRevenue in the second half of 2018 will be negatively impacted compared to the prior year period as a result of an additional week of revenue (a 53rd week) in 2017. The total negative impact in the second half of 2018 compared to the prior year period is approximately $150 million, comprised of (i) approximately $80 million due to the reduction of one week of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2018 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2017 and (ii) approximately $70 million that shifted into the first half of 2018 and out of the second half of 2018 as compared to the prior year periods due to the fiscal calendar misalignment in 2018 as compared to 2017, as illustrated below. In addition, the Company continues to plan that the second half of 2018 will include an increase of approximately $15 million in marketing expenditures compared to the prior year period, principally related to CALVIN KLEIN. Marketing expenditures as a percentage of full year revenue in 2018 remains consistent as compared to the prior year. The Company currently projects that 2018 earnings per share on a GAAP basis will be in a range of $8.96 to $9.01 compared to $6.84 in 2017. The Company currently projects that 2018 earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis will be in a range of $9.20 to $9.25 compared to $7.94 in 2017. Both the GAAP and non-GAAP projections include the estimated positive impact of approximately $0.07 per share related to foreign currency translation, consisting of the positive impact of $0.23 in the first half of 2018, partially offset by an estimated negative impact of $0.16 in the second half of 2018. Revenue in 2018 is projected to increase approximately 7% (increase approximately 6% on a constant currency basis) as compared to 2017. Revenue for the Calvin Klein business is projected to increase approximately 8% (also on a constant currency basis). Revenue for the Tommy Hilfiger business is projected to increase approximately 9% (increase approximately 8% on a constant currency basis). Revenue for the Heritage Brands business is projected to increase approximately 1%. Net interest expense in 2018 is projected to decrease to approximately $117 million from $122 million in 2017. The Company estimates that the 2018 effective tax rate will be in a range of 13.5% to 14.5%, which includes the estimated impact of the Tax Legislation. The Company s estimate of 2018 earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis excludes approximately $25 million of pre-tax costs to be incurred related to the TH China acquisition, consisting of noncash amortization of short-lived assets, and the resulting estimated tax effect. Third Quarter GuidanceThe Company currently projects that third quarter 2018 earnings per share on a GAAP basis will be in a range of $3.03 to $3.06 compared to $3.05 in the prior year period. The Company projects that third quarter 2018 earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis will be in a range of $3.10 to $3.13 compared to $3.02 in the prior year period. Both the GAAP and non-GAAP projections include an estimated negative impact of approximately $0.09 per share related to foreign currency translation. Revenue in the third quarter of 2018 is projected to increase approximately 7% (increase approximately 9% on a constant currency basis) compared to the prior year period. Revenue for the Calvin Klein business in the third quarter is projected to increase approximately 5% (increase approximately 7% on a constant currency basis). Revenue for the Tommy Hilfiger business in the third quarter is projected to increase approximately 10% (increase approximately 12% on a constant currency basis). Revenue for the Heritage Brands business in the third quarter is projected to increase approximately 8%. Net interest expense in the third quarter of 2018 is projected to decrease to approximately $30 million compared to $31 million in the prior year period. The Company estimates that the third quarter 2018 effective tax rate will be in a range of 4% to 5%. The Company s estimate of third quarter 2018 earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis excludes approximately $7 million of pre-tax costs to be incurred related to the TH China acquisition, consisting of noncash amortization of short-lived assets, and the resulting estimated tax effect. Non-GAAP Exclusions:The discussions in this release that refer to non-GAAP amounts exclude the following: As a supplement to the Company s GAAP results, the Company presents constant currency revenue information, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The Company presents results in this manner because it is a global company that transacts business in multiple currencies but reports financial information in U.S. dollars. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations affect the amounts reported by the Company in U.S. dollars with respect to its foreign revenues. Exchange rate fluctuations can have a significant effect on reported revenues. The Company believes presenting constant currency revenue information provides useful information to investors, as it provides information to assess how its businesses performed excluding the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and assists investors in evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management s evaluation of business performance. The Company calculates constant currency revenue information by translating its foreign revenues for the current year period into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in effect during the comparable prior year period (rather than at the actual exchange rates in effect during the current year period). Constant currency performance should be viewed in addition to, and not in lieu of or as superior to, the Company s operating performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. The constant currency revenue information presented may not be comparable to similarly described measures reported by other companies. Please see Tables 1 through 6 and the sections entitled Reconciliations of 2018 Constant Currency Revenue and Full Year and Quarterly Reconciliations of GAAP to Non-GAAP Amounts later in this release for reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP amounts. The Company webcasts its conference calls to review its earnings releases. The Company s conference call to review its second quarter earnings release is scheduled for Thursday, August 30, 2018 at 9:00 a.m. EDT. Please log on to the Company s web site at www.PVH.com and go to the Events page included in the Investors section to listen to the live webcast of the conference call. The webcast will be available for replay for one year after it is held, commencing approximately two hours after the live broadcast ends. Please log on to www.PVH.com as described above to listen to the replay. In addition, an audio replay of the conference call is available for 48 hours starting approximately two hours after it is held. The replay of the conference call can be accessed by calling (domestic) 888-203-1112 and (international) 719-457-0820 and using passcode 9172811. The conference call and webcast consist of copyrighted material. They may not be re-recorded, reproduced, re-transmitted, rebroadcast or otherwise used without the Company s express written permission. Your participation represents your consent to these terms and conditions, which are governed by New York law. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995: Forward-looking statements in this press release and made during the conference call/webcast, including, without limitation, statements relating to the Company s future revenue and earnings, plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not be anticipated, including, without limitation, (i) the Company s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at the discretion of the Company; (ii) the Company may be considered to be highly leveraged and uses a significant portion of its cash flows to service its indebtedness, as a result of which the Company might not have sufficient funds to operate its businesses in the manner it intends or has operated in the past; (iii) the levels of sales of the Company s apparel, footwear and related products, both to its wholesale customers and in its retail stores, the levels of sales of the Company s licensees at wholesale and retail, and the extent of discounts and promotional pricing in which the Company and its licensees and other business partners are required to engage, all of which can be affected by weather conditions, changes in the economy, fuel prices, reductions in travel, fashion trends, consolidations, repositionings and bankruptcies in the retail industries, repositionings of brands by the Company s licensors, and other factors; (iv) the Company s ability to manage its growth and inventory, including the Company s ability to realize benefits from acquisitions; (v) quota restrictions, the imposition of safeguard controls and the imposition of duties or tariffs on goods from the countries where the Company or its licensees produce goods under its trademarks, any of which, among other things, could limit the ability to produce products in cost-effective countries, or in countries that have the labor and technical expertise needed; (vi) the availability and cost of raw materials; (vii) the Company s ability to adjust timely to changes in trade regulations and the migration and development of manufacturers (which can affect where the Company s products can best be produced); (viii) changes in available factory and shipping capacity, wage and shipping cost escalation, civil conflict, war or terrorist acts, the threat of any of the foregoing, or political or labor instability in any of the countries where the Company s or its licensees or other business partners products are sold, produced or are planned to be sold or produced; (ix) disease epidemics and health related concerns, which could result in closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas, as well as reduced consumer traffic and purchasing, as consumers become ill or limit or cease shopping in order to avoid exposure; (x) acquisitions and divestitures and issues arising with acquisitions, divestitures and proposed transactions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate an acquired entity or business into the Company with no substantial adverse effect on the acquired entity s, the acquired business s or the Company s existing operations, employee relationships, vendor relationships, customer relationships or financial performance, and the ability to operate effectively and profitably the Company s continuing businesses after the sale or other disposal of a subsidiary, business or the assets thereof; (xi) the failure of the Company s licensees to market successfully licensed products or to preserve the value of the Company s brands, or their misuse of the Company s brands; (xii) significant fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies in which the Company transacts significant levels of business; (xiii) the Company s retirement plan expenses recorded throughout the year are calculated using actuarial valuations that incorporate assumptions and estimates about financial market, economic and demographic conditions, and differences between estimated and actual results give rise to gains and losses, which can be significant, that are recorded immediately in earnings, generally in the fourth quarter of the year; (xiv) the impact of new and revised tax legislation and regulations, particularly the recently enacted U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the still to-be-issued regulations with respect thereto that might disproportionately affect the Company as compared to some of its peers due to the specific tax structure of the Company and its greater percentage of revenues and income generated outside of the U.S.; and (xv) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). This press release includes, and the conference call/webcast will include, certain non-GAAP financial measures, as defined under SEC rules. Reconciliations of these measures are included in the financial information later in this release, as well as in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC in connection with this earnings release, which is available on the Company s website at www.PVH.com and on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including, without limitation, any estimate regarding revenue or earnings, whether as a result of the receipt of new information, future events or otherwise. 8/5/18 7/30/17 8/5/18 7/30/17 8/5/18 7/30/17 8/5/18 7/30/17 PVH CORP.Non-GAAP Measures(In millions, except per share data) The Company believes it is useful to investors to present its results for the periods ended August 5, 2018 and July 30, 2017 excluding (i) the costs incurred in the first and second quarters of 2018 and 2017 related to the acquisition of the 55% interest in TH Asia, Ltd. ( TH China ), its former joint venture for TOMMY HILFIGER in China, that it did not already own (the TH China acquisition ), primarily consisting of noncash amortization of short-lived assets; (ii) the costs incurred in the first quarter of 2017 in connection with agreements to restructure its supply chain relationship with Li & Fung Trading Limited ( Li & Fung ), under which the Company terminated its non-exclusive buying agency agreement with Li & Fung in 2017 (the Li & Fung termination ); (iii) the costs incurred in the first quarter of 2017 in connection with the noncash settlement of certain of its benefit obligations related to its retirement plans as a result of an annuity purchased for certain participants, under which such obligations were transferred to an insurer; (iv) the costs incurred in the first and second quarters of 2017 in connection with the relocation of the Tommy Hilfiger office in New York, including noncash depreciation expense; (v) the costs incurred in the first and second quarters of 2017 in connection with the consolidation within its warehouse and distribution network in North America; and (vi) the tax effects associated with the foregoing pre-tax items, which are on a non-GAAP basis. The Company excludes these amounts because it deems them to be non-recurring or non-operational and believes that their exclusion (i) facilitates comparing current results against past and future results by eliminating amounts that it believes are not comparable between periods, thereby permitting management to evaluate performance and investors to make decisions based on the ongoing operations of the Company and (ii) assists investors in evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management s evaluation of business performance. The Company believes that investors often look at ongoing operations of an enterprise as a measure of assessing performance. The Company uses its results excluding these amounts to evaluate its operating performance and to discuss its business with investment institutions, the Company s Board of Directors and others. The Company s results excluding the items described above are also the basis for certain incentive compensation calculations. The non-GAAP measures should be viewed in addition to, and not in lieu of or superior to, the Company s operating performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. The information presented on a non-GAAP basis may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The following table presents the non-GAAP measures that are discussed in this release. Please see Tables 1 through 6 for the reconciliations of the GAAP amounts to amounts on a non-GAAP basis. 8/5/18 7/30/17 8/5/18 7/30/17 Table 1 - Reconciliations of GAAP net income to net income on a non-GAAP basis 8/5/18 7/30/17 8/5/18 7/30/17 Table 2 - Reconciliations of GAAP earnings before interest and taxes to earnings before interest and taxes on a non-GAAP basis 8/5/18 7/30/17 8/5/18 7/30/17 Table 3 - Reconciliations of GAAP SG&A expenses to SG&A expenses on a non-GAAP basis 8/5/18 7/30/17 8/5/18 7/30/17 Table 4 - Reconciliation of GAAP non-service related pension and postretirement cost to non-service related pension and postretirement income on a non-GAAP basis 7/30/17 Table 5 - Reconciliations of GAAP income tax expense to income tax expense on a non-GAAP basis 8/5/18 7/30/17 8/5/18 7/30/17 Table 6 - Reconciliations of GAAP depreciation and amortization expense to depreciation and amortization expense on a non-GAAP basis 8/5/18 7/30/17 8/5/18 7/30/17 (In millions, except per share data) A. The Company computed its diluted net income per common share as follows: Results Adjustments Results Results Adjustments Results Results Adjustments Results Results Adjustments Results REVENUE BY SEGMENT Calvin Klein North America Calvin Klein International Total Calvin Klein Tommy Hilfiger North America Tommy Hilfiger International Total Tommy Hilfiger Heritage Brands Wholesale Heritage Brands Retail Total Heritage Brands Total Revenue EARNINGS BEFORE INTEREST AND TAXES BY SEGMENT GAAP Adjustments(1) Results GAAP Adjustments(2) Results REVENUE BY SEGMENT Calvin Klein North America Calvin Klein International Total Calvin Klein Tommy Hilfiger North America Tommy Hilfiger International Total Tommy Hilfiger Heritage Brands Wholesale Heritage Brands Retail Total Heritage Brands Total Revenue EARNINGS BEFORE INTEREST AND TAXES BY SEGMENT GAAP Adjustments(1) Results GAAP Adjustments(2) Results PVH CORP.Reconciliations of 2018 Constant Currency Revenue(In millions) As a supplement to the Company s reported operating results, the Company presents constant currency revenue information, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The Company presents results in this manner because it is a global company that transacts business in multiple currencies but reports financial information in U.S. dollars. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations affect the amounts reported by the Company in U.S. dollars with respect to its foreign revenues. Exchange rate fluctuations can have a significant effect on reported revenues. The Company believes presenting constant currency revenue information provides useful information to investors, as it provides information to assess how its businesses performed excluding the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and assists investors in evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management s evaluation of business performance. The Company calculates constant currency revenue information by translating its foreign revenues for the current year period into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in effect during the comparable prior year period (rather than at the actual exchange rates in effect during the current year period). Constant currency performance should be viewed in addition to, and not in lieu of or as superior to, the Company s operating performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. The constant currency revenue information presented may not be comparable to similarly described measures reported by other companies. Positive Impact ofForeign Exchange ConstantCurrency Positive Impact ofForeign Exchange ConstantCurrency PVH CORP.Full Year and Quarterly Reconciliations of GAAP to Non-GAAP Amounts The Company is presenting its 2018 estimated results excluding the costs incurred and to be incurred related to the TH China acquisition, consisting of noncash amortization of short-lived assets and the resulting estimated tax effect. The 2018 estimated results are presented on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. The Company believes presenting these results on a non-GAAP basis provides useful additional information to investors. The Company excludes such amounts because it deems them to be non-recurring or non-operational and believes that excluding them (i) facilitates comparing current results against past and future results by eliminating amounts that it believes are not comparable between periods, thereby permitting management to evaluate performance and investors to make decisions based on the ongoing operations of the Company, and (ii) assists investors in evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management s evaluation of business performance. The Company has provided the reconciliations set forth below to present its estimates on a GAAP basis and excluding these amounts. The Company uses its results excluding these amounts to evaluate its operating performance and to discuss its business with investment institutions, the Company s Board of Directors and others. The Company s results excluding the item described above are also the basis for certain incentive compensation calculations. The non-GAAP measures should be viewed in addition to, and not in lieu of or as superior to, the Company s operating performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. The information presented on a non-GAAP basis may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The estimated tax effect associated with the above pre-tax item is based on the Company s assessment of deductibility. In making this assessment, the Company evaluated the item identified above as a non-GAAP exclusion to determine if such item is taxable or tax deductible, and if so, in what jurisdiction the tax expense or tax deduction would occur. The item is identified as tax deductible, with the tax effect taken at the statutory income tax rate of the local jurisdiction. 2018 Net Income Per Common Share Reconciliations Full Year2018(Estimated) Full Year2018(Estimated) The GAAP net income per common share attributable to PVH Corp. amounts presented in the above table, as well as the amounts excluded in providing non-GAAP earnings guidance, would be expected to change as a result of (i) acquisition, restructuring, divestment or similar transactions or activities, (ii) the timing and strategy of restructuring and integration initiatives or other one-time events, if any, that the Company engages in or suffers during the period, (iii) any market or other changes affecting the Company s expected actuarial gain or loss on retirement plans, (iv) the imposition of significant tariffs on apparel, footwear and accessories imported from China or any of the Company s other significant sourcing countries, (v) adjustments to the Company s income tax provision related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Legislation ), including as a result of changes in the provisional amounts recorded in 2017 during the permitted measurement period, as regulatory guidance may be issued related to the Tax Legislation and as the Company completes its final analysis of the impacts of the Tax Legislation, or (vi) any discrete tax events including changes in tax rates or tax law and events arising from audits or the resolution of uncertain tax positions. The Company has no current understanding or agreement regarding any such transaction or definitive plans regarding any such activity that has not been announced or completed. 2018 Estimated Revenue on a Constant Currency Basis Reconciliation Full Year 2018(Estimated)(Consolidated) Full Year 2018(Estimated)(Calvin Klein) Full Year 2018(Estimated)(Tommy Hilfiger) Third Quarter2018(Estimated)(Consolidated) Third Quarter2018(Estimated)(Calvin Klein) Third Quarter2018(Estimated)(Tommy Hilfiger) Reconciliation of GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Common Share to Diluted Net Income Per Common Share on a Non-GAAP Basis (In millions, except per share data)

General Dynamics Awarded Air Force Intelligence System Support Contract GDIT will continue 20 year legacy as the sole network support provider for the Air Force's Distributed Common Ground System. FALLS CHURCH, Va., June 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- General Dynamics Information Technology (GDIT) announced today it will support the U.S. Air Force's 480th Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Wing (480 ISRW) through their Technical Operations Support contract. The single-award contract holds a total estimated value of $217 million. It includes a nine-month base period with seven one-year options as well as a possible six-month extension. The U.S. Air Force awarded General Dynamics a $217 million contract to support the 480th Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Wing. "We are excited to continue our strong legacy providing expert engineering and technology solutions for the Air Force," said Senior Vice President Leigh Palmer, head of GDIT's Defense Division. "GDIT's team developed and implemented the initial design for this global network. We will leverage this expertise to maintain current network technology while seamlessly modernizing the Air Force's global network into a next-generation posture." The Air Force Distributed Common Ground System (AF DCGS), also referred to as the AN/GSQ-272 SENTINEL, is the Air Force's primary ISR planning, collection, processing and exploitation, analysis and dissemination weapon system. It employs a global communications architecture that connects multiple intelligence platforms, Department of Defense networks and sensors. The AF DCGS weapon systems' communications architecture is a complicated, high-speed network that supports combatant commanders across the globe. The 480th leads global ISR operations within the AF DCGS' weapon system. They provide time-sensitive, Multiple-source Intelligence (Multi-INT) data and products derived from selected service/allied/coalition ISR platforms. AF DCGS participates in operations throughout the world, including those led by the United Nations, NATO, U.S. Africa Command, U.S. Central Command, U.S. European Command, U.S. Forces Korea, U.S. Northern Command, U.S. Pacific Command and U.S. Southern Command.GDIT's legacy operations have been the sole network support provider of this weapons system for more than 20 years. Through this task order, GDIT will support the AF DCGS Operations Center with network administration, network engineering, information assurance, computer network defense, systems administration, project management and C4ISR engineering of 480 ISRW's information technology assets from the network and enterprise level.For more information about General Dynamics Information Technology, a business unit of General Dynamics (NYSE: GD), please visit www.gdit.com. SOURCE General Dynamics Information Technology Related Links http://www.gdit.com

Kindred Biosciences Receives FDA Approval of Zimeta (dipyrone injection) for the Control of Pyrexia in Horses SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Kindred Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: KIN), a biopharmaceutical company focused on saving and improving the lives of pets, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's Center for Veterinary Medicine has approved Zimeta (dipyrone injection) for the control of pyrexia in horses. Pyrexia, or fever, is associated with a number of underlying diseases and can result in significant negative outcomes, including dehydration, laminitis, muscle wasting, weight loss, and in some cases death. Among performance horses, fever can also lead to loss of training and competition days. There are more than eight million horses in the United States, and over one million are seen by a veterinarian for fever annually. Zimeta is the first and only FDA-approved medication for the control of pyrexia (fever) in horses. "The equine community has been eagerly anticipating an FDA-approved safe and effective product to control fever in horses," said Denise Bevers, President and COO of KindredBio. "Equine pyrexia is an attractive market for KindredBio, with high unmet medical need and a commitment to treat. This second KindredBio commercial product was developed in five years and at a cost of $5 million, consistent with our business model. It positions KindredBio as a key player in the equine community as we advance a pipeline of promising drug candidates for horses." Zimeta, which is classified as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, targets fever centrally in the brain, where it originates. In a clinical study, Zimeta demonstrated rapid and effective fever reduction in horses with naturally occurring fever. The most common cause of fever in horses is respiratory disease, both viral and bacterial, but fever also can occur with other infections or inflammation of any body system. Zimeta is administered intravenously at 30 mg/kg once or twice daily, at 12-hour intervals, for up to three days. The overall number of doses and duration of treatment is dependent on the response observed (fever reduction). Zimeta may be re-administered based on recurrence of fever for up to three days. KindredBio is proud to be a member of the American Association of Equine Practitioners (AAEP) Educational and Media Partners Program. The program represents industry-leading corporations, media outlets, and industry organizations dedicated to providing resources and education through AAEP to equine veterinarians and horse owners to improve the health and welfare of the horse. Nearly 9,300 veterinarians and veterinary students across more than 60 countries are members of the AAEP. Important Safety Information ZimetaTM (dipyrone injection) should not be used more frequently than every 12 hours. For use in horses only. Do not use in horses with a hypersensitivity to dipyrone, horses intended for human consumption or any food producing animals, including lactating dairy animals. Not for use in humans, avoid contact with skin and keep out of reach of children. Take care to avoid accidental self-injection and use routine precautions when handling and using loaded syringes. Prior to use, horses should undergo a thorough history and physical examination by a veterinarian. Monitor for signs of abnormal bleeding and use caution in horses at risk for hemorrhage. Concurrent use with other NSAIDs, corticosteroids and drugs associated with kidney toxicity, should be avoided. As a class, NSAIDs may be associated with gastrointestinal, kidney, and liver toxicity. The most common adverse reactions observed during clinical trials were elevated glucose conversion enzymes, decreased blood protein, and gastric ulcers. Please see the full Prescribing Information. Mirataz (mirtazapine transdermal ointment) is for topical use in cats only under veterinary supervision. Do not use in cats with a known hypersensitivity to mirtazapine or any of the excipients or in cats treated with monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs). Not for human use. Keep out of reach of children. Wear gloves to apply and wash hands after. Avoid contact with treated cat for 2 hours following application. The most common adverse reactions include application site reactions, behavioral abnormalities (vocalization and hyperactivity) and vomiting. Please see the full Prescribing Information. About Kindred Biosciences Kindred Biosciences is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on saving and improving the lives of pets. Its mission is to bring to pets the same kinds of safe and effective medicines that human family members enjoy. The company's strategy is to identify compounds and targets that have already demonstrated safety and efficacy in humans and to develop therapeutics based on these validated compounds and targets for dogs, cats and horses. KindredBio has a deep pipeline of novel drugs and biologics in development across many therapeutic classes. The company has two approved drugs, namely Mirataz (mirtazapine transdermal ointment) for the management of weight loss in cats and Zimeta (dipyrone injection) for the control of fever in horses. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding our expectations about the trials, regulatory approval, manufacturing, distribution and commercialization of our current and future product candidates, and statements regarding our anticipated revenues, expenses, margins, profits and use of cash. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations. These statements are not promises or guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: our limited operating history and expectations of losses for the foreseeable future; the absence of significant revenue from our products and our product candidates for the foreseeable future; the likelihood that our revenue will vary from quarter to quarter; our potential inability to obtain any necessary additional financing; our substantial dependence on the success of our products and our lead product candidates which may not be successfully commercialized even if they are approved for marketing; the effect of competition; our potential inability to obtain regulatory approval for our existing or future product candidates; our dependence on third parties to conduct some of our development activities; our dependence upon third-party manufacturers for supplies of our products and our product candidates; uncertainties regarding the outcomes of trials regarding our product candidates; our potential failure to attract and retain senior management and key scientific personnel; uncertainty about our ability to develop a satisfactory sales organization; our significant costs of operating as a public company; our potential inability to obtain and maintain patent protection and other intellectual property protection for our products and our product candidates; potential claims by third parties alleging our infringement of their patents and other intellectual property rights; our potential failure to comply with regulatory requirements, which are subject to change on an ongoing basis; the potential volatility of our stock price; and the significant control over our business by our principal stockholders and management. For a further description of these risks and other risks that we face, please see the risk factors described in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including the risk factors discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent updates that may be contained in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. As a result of the risks described above and in our filings with the SEC, actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this press release. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these statements, except as may be required by law. Contacts For investor inquiries: Katja Buhrer[email protected] (917) 969-3438 SOURCE Kindred Biosciences, Inc. Related Links http://www.kindredbio.com

PDL Community Bancorp Announces Share Repurchase Program NEW YORK, Nov. 13, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- PDL Community Bancorp (the Company ) announced today that its Board of Directors has adopted a share repurchase program intended to enhance shareholder value effective November 13, 2019. Under the repurchase program, the Company may repurchase up to 878,835 shares of its common stock, or approximately 5% of the current outstanding shares. The repurchases will be made in accordance with a pre-arranged stock repurchase plan adopted by the Company in accordance with the guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as well as from time to time through privately negotiated transactions at prevailing market prices, depending on market conditions. Repurchases under the Company s 10b5-1 plan, administered through an independent broker, are subject to SEC regulations as well as certain market volume, price and timing limitations as set forth in the 10b5-1 plan. Repurchased shares will be held by the Company as Treasury shares. The repurchase program may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice, and it will expire no later than May 12, 2020. About PDL Community Bancorp PDL Community Bancorp is the financial holding company for Ponce Bank. The Bank s business primarily consists of taking deposits from the general public and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, in mortgage loans, consisting of one-to-four family residences (investor-owned and owner-occupied), multifamily residences, nonresidential properties and construction and land, and, to a lesser extent, in business and consumer loans. The Bank also invests in securities, which have historically consisted of U.S. Government and federal agency securities and securities issued by government-sponsored or -owned enterprises, as well as, mortgage-backed securities and Federal Home Loan Bank stock. The Bank offers a variety of deposit accounts, including demand, savings, money market and certificates of deposit. Forward Looking Statements Certain statements herein constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may be identified by words such as believes, will, would, expects, project, may, could, developments, strategic, launching, opportunities, anticipates, estimates, intends, plans, targets and similar expressions. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the Company s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors. Factors that could cause such differences to exist include, but are not limited to, adverse conditions in the capital and debt markets and the impact of such conditions on the Company s business activities; changes in interest rates; competitive pressures from other financial institutions; the effects of general economic conditions on a national basis or in the local markets in which the Company operates, including changes that adversely affect borrowers ability to service and repay the Company s loans; changes in the value of securities in the Company s investment portfolio; changes in loan default and charge-off rates; fluctuations in real estate values; the adequacy of loan loss reserves; decreases in deposit levels necessitating increased borrowing to fund loans and investments; operational risks, including cybersecurity, fraud and natural disasters; changes in government regulation; changes in accounting standards and practices; the risk that goodwill and intangibles recorded in the Company s financial statements will become impaired; demand for loans in the Company s market area; the Company s ability to attract and maintain deposits; risks related to the implementation of acquisitions, dispositions, and restructurings; the risk that the Company may not be successful in the implementation of its business strategy; changes in assumptions used in making such forward-looking statements and the risk factors described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), which are available at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov . Should one or more of these risks materialize or should underlying beliefs or assumptions prove incorrect, PDL Community Bancorp s actual results could differ materially from those discussed. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. The Company disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events or other changes, except as required by law. Contact: Frank Perez frank.perez@poncebank.net 718-931-9000

Dorel Industries Inc. Suspends Dividend Increased U.S. tariffs a major factor MONTREAL, Oct. 01, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Dorel Industries Inc. (TSX: DII.B; DII.A) today announced that the impact of increased U.S. imposed tariffs as well as a review of the preliminary third quarter results have prompted Dorel s Board of Directors to suspend its dividend. The dividend declared on August 2, 2019 is not affected and will be paid on October 2, 2019. This past May, a second round of increases on Chinese imports, including furniture, bicycles and other goods, brought tariffs to 25%. This is having a much greater impact on the business than the original implementation of 10% introduced a year ago. The impact of the increase on Dorel businesses was still unclear at the end of the second quarter. We raised prices midway through the third quarter and this has had several negative consequences. Not all competitors nor retailers raised prices at the same time or rate. Retailers have also changed their buying routines. New price points have caused some consumers to opt for different items creating a considerable product mix imbalance. As well, elevated warehousing costs are still being incurred as the shift in demand has delayed our inventory balancing program. The net result of these challenges is that Dorel Home s expected gross margin improvement from first half levels will be delayed to the beginning of 2020, explained Dorel President & CEO, Martin Schwartz. Another factor affecting the third quarter is that some of Dorel s large U.S. customers have delayed Christmas 2019 deliveries to the beginning of the fourth quarter. In addition, the recent rise in value of the U.S. dollar has had a negative impact on Dorel s Sports and Juvenile segments as major currencies that affect Dorel s financial results dropped between 3% and 8%. Tariffs have also impacted Dorel Sports mass merchant business. Although sales have remained strong, the mix has been negative, and gross margins are lower. Sales in the independent bicycle dealer (IBD) and Sporting Goods channels have remained strong and the outlook remains positive. It is prudent to suspend the dividend until the chaotic market conditions created by tariffs are normalized, concluded Dorel President & CEO, Martin Schwartz. Dorel further announced that it has amended its senior secured revolving credit facilities and term loan. The amendment is intended to facilitate compliance by Dorel with its financial covenants under the credit facilities. Dorel will announce third quarter results on November 8, 2019. Profile Dorel Industries Inc. (TSX: DII.B, DII.A) is a global organization, operating three distinct businesses in juvenile products, bicycles and home products. Dorel's strength lies in the diversity, innovation and quality of its products as well as the superiority of its brands. Dorel Juvenile s powerfully branded products include global brands Maxi-Cosi, Quinny and Tiny Love, complemented by regional brands such as Safety 1st, B b Confort, Cosco and Infanti. Dorel Sports brands include Cannondale, Schwinn, GT, Mongoose, Caloi and IronHorse. Dorel Home, with its comprehensive e-commerce platform, markets a wide assortment of domestically produced and imported furniture. Dorel has annual sales of US$2.6 billion and employs approximately 9,200 people in facilities located in twenty-five countries worldwide. Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements included in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Except as may be required by Canadian securities laws, Dorel does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and are based on several assumptions which give rise to the possibility that actual results could differ materially from Dorel s expectations expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements and that the objectives, plans, strategic priorities and business outlook may not be achieved. As a result, Dorel cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will materialize, or if any of them do, what benefits Dorel will derive from them. Forward-looking statements are provided in this press release for the purpose of giving information about Management s current expectations and plans and allowing investors and others to get a better understanding of Dorel s operating environment. However, readers are cautioned that it may not be appropriate to use such forward-looking statements for any other purpose. Forward-looking statements made in this press release are based on a number of assumptions that Dorel believed were reasonable on the day it made the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Dorel s expectations expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements include: general economic conditions; changes in product costs and supply channels; foreign currency fluctuations; customer and credit risk, including the concentration of revenues with small number of customers; costs associated with product liability; changes in income tax legislation or the interpretation or application of those rules; the continued ability to develop products and support brand names; changes in the regulatory environment; continued access to capital resources, including compliance with covenants, and the related costs of borrowing; failure related to information technology systems; changes in assumptions in the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets and future decline in market capitalization; and there being no certainty that Dorel s current dividend policy will be maintained. These and other risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements are discussed in Dorel s annual Management Discussion and Analysis and Annual Information Form filed with the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authorities. The risk factors outlined in the previously-mentioned documents are specifically incorporated herein by reference. Dorel cautions readers that the risks described above are not the only ones that could impact it. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to Dorel or that Dorel currently deems to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on Dorel s business, financial condition or results of operations. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. CONTACTS: MaisonBrison Communications Rick Leckner (514) 731-0000 Dorel Industries Inc. Jeffrey Schwartz (514) 934-3034

Turtle Beach Announces $15 Million Share Repurchase Program SAN DIEGO, April 10, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Turtle Beach (Nasdaq: HEAR), the global leader in gaming headsets and audio accessories, today announced its board of directors has approved a share repurchase program allowing the company to purchase up to $15 million of its common shares at its discretion from time to time in the open market, or in block purchase transactions over the next two years. The amount and timing of specific repurchases are subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. Turtle Beach intends to fund the share repurchases using cash from operations or short-term borrowings and may suspend or discontinue repurchases at any time. Any shares acquired will be available for general corporate purposes. The share repurchase program is scheduled to expire April 9, 2021, but may also be expanded, extended, or terminated based on market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. "We are confident in the strength and future of Turtle Beach," said Juergen Stark, CEO of Turtle Beach. "This repurchase program, our acquisition of ROCCAT, and the continued expansion of our gaming audio products demonstrate our balanced strategic approach and our commitment to investing in profitable growth. We look forward to delivering value to our shareholders through continued execution of our strategic growth pillars and effective use of our capital." Stark continued, "We expect to generate free cash flow of over $23 million in 2019, or over $1.40 per share. While our top priority is funding our core business and future growth drivers, such as our recent acquisition of ROCCAT, we believe our stock represents one of the most attractive investment opportunities in the gaming space, and we will take advantage of the opportunity to invest in our company as appropriate." About Turtle Beach CorporationTurtle Beach (www.turtlebeach.com) is a leading gaming accessory brand, offering a wide selection of cutting-edge, award-winning gaming headsets. Whether you're a professional esports athlete, hardcore gamer, casual player, or just starting out, Turtle Beach has the gaming headset to help you truly master your skills. Innovative and advanced technology, amazing high-quality gaming audio, crystal-clear communication, lightweight and comfortable designs, and ease-of-use are just a few features that make Turtle Beach a fan-favorite brand for gamers the world over. Designed for Xbox, PlayStation , and Nintendo consoles as well as for PC, Mac , and mobile/tablet devices, owning a Turtle Beach gaming headset gives you the competitive advantage. Hear Everything. Defeat Everyone. The Company's shares are traded on the Nasdaq Exchange under the symbol: HEAR. Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking information and statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Except for historical information contained in this release, statements in this release may constitute forward-looking statements regarding assumptions, projections, expectations, targets, intentions or beliefs about future events. Statements containing the words "may", "could", "would", "should", "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "plan", "estimate", "target", "project", "intend" and similar expressions, or the negatives thereof, constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current belief and expectations, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. While the Company believes that its expectations are based upon reasonable assumptions, there can be no assurances that its goals and strategy will be realized. Numerous factors, including risks and uncertainties, may affect actual results and may cause results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by the Company or on its behalf. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, risks related to the Company's liquidity, the substantial uncertainties inherent in the acceptance of existing and future products, the difficulty of commercializing and protecting new technology, the impact of competitive products and pricing, general business and economic conditions, risks associated with the expansion of our business including the implementation of any businesses we acquire and the integration of such businesses within our internal control over financial reporting and operations, our indebtedness, changes in the fair value of our outstanding warrants and other factors discussed in our public filings, including the risk factors included in the Company's most recent Quarterly Report on Forms 10-Q and 10-K and the Company's other periodic reports. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company is under no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement after the date of this release whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. SOURCE Turtle Beach Corporation Related Links http://www.turtlebeach.com

Universal Insurance Holdings Announces New $40 Million Share Repurchase Authorization FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. announced today that its Board of Directors has authorized a new share repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to $40 million of its outstanding shares of common stock through December 31, 2021. This new authorization follows the existing $40 million share repurchase program that is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2019. Share repurchases may be made by the Company from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices and are subject to relevant rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). The Company intends to effect repurchase transactions in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act and the Company s insider trading policy. About Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. Universal Insurance Holdings (UVE) is a holding company offering property and casualty insurance and value-added insurance services. We develop, market, and write insurance products for consumers predominantly in the personal residential homeowners lines of business and perform substantially all other insurance-related services for our primary insurance entities, including risk management, claims management and distribution. We sell insurance products through both our appointed independent agents and through our direct online distribution channels in the United States across 18 states (primarily Florida). Learn more at UniversalInsuranceHoldings.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include commentary regarding our share repurchase plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Future results could differ materially from those described, and the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For further information regarding risk factors that could affect the Company s operations and future results, refer to the Company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Neogen awarded USDA contract LANSING, Mich., July 22, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Neogen Corporation (NASDAQ: NEOG) announced today that it had again been awarded the contract to supply certain dehydrated culture media to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS). The FSIS uses Neogen Culture Media to monitor raw and ready-to-eat meat and poultry products for the presence of bacterial pathogens, including Listeria monocytogenes, Salmonella species, and non-O157 Shiga toxin-producing E. coli (STECs). "We are pleased to again earn the trust of the FSIS as it works to ensure the safety of the food supply," said John Adent, Neogen's president and CEO. "Neogen's culture media products are used by leading scientists, researchers and regulatory agencies around the world in a variety of applications, including food safety and the production of vaccines. Last year, we completed the global harmonization of the products under the Neogen Culture Media brand, which meant that our customers receive the exact same formulation for the same product, wherever in the world they may be." FSIS Laboratories perform regulatory testing of meat, poultry and egg products for the presence of foodborne pathogens at its locations in St. Louis, Missouri; Athens, Georgia; and Albany, California. The testing methods used by FSIS require large volumes of culture media on a daily basis, which led to the agency seeking bids for a single supplier. Neogen's globally harmonized culture media product line, Neogen Culture Media, was developed to combine and enhance our previous Acumedia and Lab M microbiological culture media lines. Neogen Culture Media offers a range of products and formats designed to support microbiology testing across many sectors including food, water, pharmaceutical and clinical around the world. Neogen Corporation develops and markets products dedicated to food and animal safety. The company's Food Safety Division markets culture media and diagnostic test kits to detect foodborne bacteria, natural toxins, food allergens, drug residues, plant diseases and sanitation concerns. Neogen's Animal Safety Division is a leader in worldwide biosecurity products, animal genomics testing, and the manufacturing and distribution of a variety of animal healthcare products, including diagnostics, pharmaceuticals and veterinary instruments. CONTACT: Steven J. Quinlan, Vice President and CFO 517/372-9200 SOURCE Neogen Corporation Related Links http://www.neogen.com

Iteris Announces Schedule of Investor Conferences for May 2018 SANTA ANA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Iteris, Inc. (NASDAQ: ITI), the global leader in applied informatics for transportation and agriculture, has been invited to participate in the following investor conferences in May: 19th Annual B. Riley & Co. Institutional Investor ConferenceWednesday, May 23 at 2:00 p.m. Pacific timeLoews Santa Monica Beach HotelSanta Monica, California Iteris president and CEO Joe Bergera, and CFO Andy Schmidt are scheduled to present on Wednesday, May 23 at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time, with one-on-one meetings held throughout the day. This presentation will be webcast live and available for replay at www.wsw.com/webcast/brileyfbr/iti/ and via the investor relations section of the company s website at www.iteris.com. For additional information or to schedule a one-on-one meeting with Iteris management, please contact your B. Riley representative via e-mail at conference@brileyco.com. 15th Annual Craig-Hallum Institutional Investor ConferenceWednesday, May 30 (group and one-on-one meetings only)The Depot Renaissance Minneapolis HotelMinneapolis, Minnesota For additional information or to schedule a one-on-one meeting with Iteris management, please contact your Craig-Hallum representative or chconference@craig-hallum.com. About Iteris, Inc. Iteris is the global leader in applied informatics for transportation and agriculture, turning big data into big breakthrough solutions. We collect, aggregate and analyze data on traffic, roads, weather, water, soil and crops to generate precise informatics that lead to safer transportation and smarter farming. Municipalities, government agencies, crop science companies, farmers and agronomists around the world use our solutions to make roads safer and travel more efficient, as well as farmlands more sustainable, healthy and productive. Visit www.iteris.com for more information and join the conversation on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.

Magna Wins Largest Contract for Transmission Technologies in Company History Magna to build dual-clutch transmissions including hybrid variants for strategic partner BMW Group Technologies for front-wheel drive vehicle platforms; over 170 different vehicle applications Transmissions to be supplied from Magna facilities in Germany and Slovakia SAILAUF, Germany, Oct. 30, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BMW Group has awarded Magna its largest production order for transmission technologies in company history. The multi-year contract includes all front-wheel drive dual-clutch transmissions, including hybrid transmission variants. This new award is another result of Magna s commitment to delivering high-quality, flexible and innovative transmissions, said Tom Rucker, President of Magna Powertrain. Our scalable dual-clutch transmissions enhance drivability while simultaneously providing optimal levels of efficiency, which makes our product a perfect match for BMW. The transmission technologies will be used in more than 170 different vehicle applications. The new hybrid solution by Magna has no impact on the overall package size of the transmission, which provides manufacturing flexibility to BMW. The hybrid variants also use a compact, 48V high-RPM electric motor within the transmission housing, providing innovative driving features while further improving fuel efficiency. The transmissions will be built at Magna facilities in Neuenstein, Germany, and Kechnec, Slovakia. INVESTOR CONTACT Louis Tonelli, Vice-President, Investor Relations louis.tonelli@magna.com , (+1) 905.726.7035 MEDIA CONTACTS Tracy Fuerst, Global Director of Corporate Communications & PR tracy.fuerst@magna.com , (+1) 248.631.5396 Rej Husetovic, Director Corporate Communications & Media Relations Europe rej.husetovic@magna.com , (+49) 6093 9942-5056 ABOUT MAGNA We are a mobility technology company. We have more than 168,000 entrepreneurial-minded employees and 347 manufacturing operations and 92 product development, engineering and sales centres in 28 countries. We have complete vehicle engineering and contract manufacturing expertise, as well as product capabilities which include body, chassis, exterior, seating, powertrain, active driver assistance, electronics, mirrors & lighting, mechatronics and roof systems. Magna also has electronic and software capabilities across many of these areas. Our common shares trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange (MG) and the New York Stock Exchange (MGA). For further information about Magna, visit www.magna.com . THIS RELEASE MAY CONTAIN STATEMENTS WHICH CONSTITUTE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS UNDER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LEGISLATION AND ARE SUBJECT TO, AND EXPRESSLY QUALIFIED BY, THE CAUTIONARY DISCLAIMERS THAT ARE SET OUT IN MAGNA S REGULATORY FILINGS. PLEASE REFER TO MAGNA S MOST CURRENT MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL POSITION, ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM AND ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 40-F, AS REPLACED OR UPDATED BY ANY OF MAGNA S SUBSEQUENT REGULATORY FILINGS, WHICH SET OUT THE CAUTIONARY DISCLAIMERS, INCLUDING THE RISK FACTORS THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL EVENTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE INDICATED BY SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE DOCUMENTS ARE AVAILABLE FOR REVIEW ON MAGNA S WEBSITE AT WWW.MAGNA.COM. A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/98c6081b-d590-4531-b215-50794c24e719

OPES Acquisition Corp. Reschedules Annual Meeting of Stockholders to 10:00 A.M. ET on Friday, August 7th NORTH PALM BEACH, Fla., Aug. 04, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OPES Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: OPES, OPESW) (the Company) is announcing that, due to technical issues on the teleconference today, it has rescheduled its Annual Meeting of the Stockholders (the Annual Meeting) to Friday, August 7th at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. The new dial-in information for the teleconference is as follows: Toll-free dial-in number: 1-833-962-1457 International dial-in number: 1-956-394-3594 Conference ID: 7632867 The Annual Meeting is being held for the following purposes: (1) To elect James Anderson to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company as a Class A director until the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company or until his successor is duly appointed and qualified; and (2) To transact any other business as may properly be presented at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof. The definitive proxy statement containing detailed information concerning the election of the director was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on July 2, 2020. About OPES Acquisition Corp. OPES Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: OPES, OPESW) is a special purpose acquisition company headquartered in Miami and organized for the purpose of effecting a merger, asset acquisition, stock purchase or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. For more information, please visit www.opesacquisitioncorp.com. Disclaimer OPES Acquisition Corp. ( OPES or the Company ) and BurgerFi International, LLC ( BurgerFi ), and their respective directors, executive officers, members and employees and other persons, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the holders of OPES common stock in respect of the current solicitation of OPES s stockholders with respect to the proposed transaction between OPES and BurgerFi (the Business Combination ). Information about OPES s directors and executive officers and their ownership of OPES s common stock is set forth in OPES s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated March 30, 2020 and the definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A dated July 2, 2020, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as modified or supplemented by any Form 3 or Form 4 filed with the SEC since the date of such filing. Other information regarding the interests of the participants in the proxy solicitation will be included in the proxy statement pertaining to the proposed transaction when it becomes available. Updated information will be provided in the proxy statement to be filed in connection with the Business Combination. OPES will mail a proxy statement to stockholders relating to the Business Combination. Investors and security holders of OPES are urged to read these materials (including any amendments or supplements thereto) and any other relevant documents in connection with the business combination that OPES will file with the SEC when they become available because they will contain important information about OPES, BurgerFi, and the business combination. The proxy statement and other relevant materials in connection with the Business Combination, and any other documents filed by OPES with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC s website (www.sec.gov) or by writing to OPES at: 4218 NE 2nd Avenue, Miami, FL 33137. This press release shall neither constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Forward-Looking Statements: This press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements, including the identification of a target business and potential business combination or other such transaction, are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in the section entitled Risk Factors in the annual report on Form 10-K filed by OPES on March 30, 2020. Important factors, among others, that may affect actual results or outcomes include: the inability to complete the proposed transaction; the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction, which may be affected by, among other things, the amount of cash available following any redemptions by OPES stockholders; the ability to meet Nasdaq s listing standards following the consummation of the proposed transaction; and costs related to the proposed transaction. Important factors that could cause the combined company s actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include: BurgerFi s limited operating history; BurgerFi s ability to manage growth; BurgerFi s ability to execute its business plan; BurgerFi s estimates of the size of the markets for its products; the rate and degree of market acceptance of BurgerFi s products; BurgerFi s ability to identify and integrate acquisitions; potential litigation involving OPES or BurgerFi or the validity or enforceability of BurgerFi s intellectual property; general economic and market conditions impacting demand for BurgerFi s products and services; and such other risks and uncertainties as are discussed in the OPES annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020 and the proxy statement to be filed relating to the business combination. Other factors include the possibility that the proposed business combination does not close, including due to the failure to receive required security holder approvals, or the failure of other closing conditions. OPES expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company s expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based. Investor Relations Contact: Company Contacts: Gateway Investor Relations OPES Cody Slach Ashley Spitz, ashley@opesacquisitioncorp.com (949) 574-3860 OPES@GatewayIR.com

TechnipFMC Awarded Contracts for Two Fertilizer Plants in India LONDON & PARIS & HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TechnipFMC* (Paris:FTI) (NYSE:FTI) (ISIN:GB00BDSFG982), in consortium with L&T Hydrocarbon Engineering (LTHE), a wholly owned subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited, has been awarded by Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Limited (HURL) - a Joint Venture Company of three Indian Public Sector Companies, IOCL, NTPC and CIL - major Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Commissioning (EPCC) contracts for two state-of-the-art, natural gas based fertilizer complexes in Eastern India. The two fertilizer plants, located at Barauni in the state of Bihar and in Sindri in the state of Jharkhand, are each capable of producing 2200 TPD** ammonia and 3850 TPD urea. Both projects are executed on EPCC Lump Sum Turn Key (LSTK) basis and shall be carried out concurrently. The Consortium, under the leadership of TechnipFMC, is responsible for licensing, basic engineering, detailed engineering, construction and commissioning of the two complexes within a period of 36 months. Nello Uccelletti, President of Onshore/Offshore business at TechnipFMC, said: We are honored to be entrusted the execution of these prestigious projects in consortium with LTHE which demonstrates our long-term commitment to India and strengthens our leadership in executing challenging projects in fertilizers, refinery and petrochemical sectors. The project is of great national importance to India to address the demand of Urea in domestic market and thereby, boosting the economic growth of the country . *France and India operating centers of TechnipFMC will work closely with HURL on this project*TPD - Tonnes Per Day Important Information for Investors and Securityholders Forward-Looking Statement This release contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words estimated , aimed , scheduled and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. Such forward-looking statements involve significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include the Company's ability to successfully deliver, and HURL s acceptance of, the products ordered. For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results, please see our risk factors set forth in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, which include our Registration Statement on Form S-4, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of our forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. About HURL Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited (HURL) is a joint venture company by three strong Indian Public companies namely, Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL), Coal India Limited (CIL) and NTPC Limited (NTPC) as the lead promoters with Fertilizer Corporation of India Limited (FCIL) and Hindustan Fertilizer Corporation Limited (HFCL) as other two partners. About Larsen & Toubro Larsen & Toubro is a USD 17 Billion technology, engineering and construction group, with global operations. It is one of the largest and most respected companies in India s private sector. L&T, through its 100% owned subsidiary LTHE, undertakes turnkey construction of fertilizer, refinery and petrochemical plants; cross-country pipelines and oil & gas terminals covering civil, structural, piping equipment, heavy lifts, electrical and instrumentation work. About TechnipFMC TechnipFMC is a global leader in subsea, onshore/offshore, and surface projects. With our proprietary technologies and production systems, integrated expertise, and comprehensive solutions, we are transforming our clients project economics. We are uniquely positioned to deliver greater efficiency across project lifecycles from concept to project delivery and beyond. Through innovative technologies and improved efficiencies, our offering unlocks new possibilities for our clients in developing their oil and gas resources. Each of our more than 37,000 employees is driven by a steady commitment to clients and a culture of purposeful innovation, challenging industry conventions, and rethinking how the best results are achieved. To learn more about us and how we are enhancing the performance of the world s energy industry, go to TechnipFMC.com and follow us on Twitter @TechnipFMC.

GSK receives FDA approval for expanded indication for FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT (Influenza Vaccine) for persons 6 months and older PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 12, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- GSK [LSE/NYSE: GSK] announced today it has received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research expanding the indication for FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT (Influenza Vaccine) to include use in persons 6 months and older. Prior to this, the vaccine was only approved for active immunization against influenza A subtype viruses and type B viruses, in persons 3 years of age and older. "The flu vaccine is the one vaccine that people of almost all ages from 6-month-old infants to older adults should receive annually," said Patrick Desbiens, Senior Vice President, US Vaccines. "The expanded indication for FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT in the US builds upon GSK's commitment to being a reliable supplier and partner to healthcare providers and their patients. We can now offer two flu vaccines that enable providers to use the same vaccine dose to help protect all recommended persons aged 6 months and older against this potentially serious illness." With this approval, providers will be able to use the same dose of FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT (15 ug of hemagglutinin per virus strain in 0.5 mL) to cover all eligible persons from 6 months of age and up. The supplemental Biologics License Application was based on a Phase III pivotal study of the efficacy of FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT in children 6 months through 35 months of age and on two supportive studies. About seasonal influenzaSeasonal influenza (the "flu") is a contagious respiratory illness, caused by flu viruses.1 There are two main types of flu viruses, A and B, that spread between people and can cause mild to severe illness.2 Most flu activity in the US occurs from October through May, and it usually peaks between December and February.3 While anyone can get the flu, it can be particularly serious for young children, older people, pregnant women and people with certain health conditions, such as asthma.4 According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the best tool available to help protect yourself and those around you against the flu is to get vaccinated. The more people who are vaccinated, the less chance the virus has to spread.5 Currently, the CDC recommends that all people over the age of 6 months get vaccinated against the flu annually.6 For more information about flu, visit www.flu.gov and www.cdc.gov/flu. About FLUARIX QUADRIVALENTFLUARIX QUADRIVALENT was first approved in 2012 in the US for the prevention of influenza disease in people 3 years of age and older. It is also approved in more than 30 other countries worldwide. FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT is a vaccine indicated for active immunization for the prevention of disease caused by influenza A subtype viruses and type B viruses contained in the vaccine. FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT is approved for use in persons aged 6 months and older. Important Safety Information for FLUARIX QUADRIVALENTDo not administer FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT to anyone with a history of severe allergic reactions (eg, anaphylaxis) to any component of the vaccine, including egg protein, or following a previous dose of any influenza vaccine. If Guillain-Barr syndrome has occurred within 6 weeks of receipt of a prior influenza vaccine, the decision to give FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT should be based on careful consideration of the potential benefits and risks. Syncope (fainting) can occur in association with administration of injectable vaccines, including FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT. Procedures should be in place to avoid falling injury and to restore cerebral perfusion following syncope. If FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT is administered to immunosuppressed persons, including individuals receiving immunosuppressive therapy, the immune response may be lower than in immunocompetent persons. In clinical trials with FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT, the most common solicited local adverse reaction in adults was pain. The most common systemic adverse reactions in adults were muscle aches, headache, and fatigue. In children aged 6 through 35 months, the most common solicited local adverse reactions were pain and redness; the most common systemic adverse reactions were irritability, loss of appetite, and drowsiness. In children 3 through 17 years of age, solicited local adverse reactions were pain, redness, and swelling. In children 3 through five years of age, the most common systemic adverse reactions were drowsiness, irritability, and loss of appetite. In children 6 through 17 years of age, the most common systemic adverse reactions were fatigue, muscle aches, headache, arthralgia, and gastrointestinal symptoms. (See Adverse Reactions section of the Prescribing Information for FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT for other potential adverse reactions and events). Vaccination with FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT may not result in protection in all vaccine recipients. For the full US Prescribing Information for FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT, visit us.gsk.com. GSK one of the world's leading research-based pharmaceutical and healthcare companies is committed to improving the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better and live longer. For further information, please visit www.gsk.com. GSK enquiries: UK Media enquiries: Simon Steel +44 (0) 20 8047 5502 (London) David Daley +44 (0) 20 8047 5502 (London) US Media enquiries: Sarah Spencer +1 215 751 3335 (Philadelphia) Gwynne Oosterbaan +1 215 751 7468 (Philadelphia) Robin Gaitens +1 919 483 2678 (North Carolina) Analyst/Investor enquiries: Sarah Elton-Farr +44 (0) 20 8047 5194 (London) Tom Curry + 1 215 751 5419 (Philadelphia) Gary Davies +44 (0) 20 8047 5503 (London) James Dodwell +44 (0) 20 8047 2406 (London) Jeff McLaughlin +1 215 751 7002 (Philadelphia) Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statementsGSK cautions investors that any forward-looking statements or projections made by GSK, including those made in this announcement, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Such factors include, but are not limited to, those described under Item 3.D 'Principal risks and uncertainties' in the company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for 2016. 1 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Key Facts about Influenza (Flu). Available at: http://www.cdc.gov/flu/keyfacts.htm. Accessed September 27, 2017. 2 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Types of Influenza Viruses. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/viruses/types.htm. Accessed September 27, 2017.3 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The Flu Season. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/season/flu-season.htm. Accessed September 27, 2017.4 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. People at High Risk of Developing Flu Related Complications. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/disease/high_risk.htm. Accessed December 4, 2017. 5 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. What Would Happen If We Stopped Vaccinations? https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/vac-gen/whatifstop.htm. Accessed December 4, 2017.6 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Vaccination: Who Should Do It, Who Should Not and Who Should Take Precautions. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/protect/whoshouldvax.htm. Accessed September 27, 2017. SOURCE GSK Related Links http://www.gsk.com

Paratek Announces FDA Approval of NUZYRA (Omadacycline) Modernized Tetracycline for the Treatment of Community-Acquired Bacterial Pneumonia (CABP) and Acute Skin and Skin Structure Infections (ABSSSI) specifically designed to overcome tetracycline resistance First and only once-daily IV and oral antibiotic approved to treat both CABP and ABSSSI patients in nearly 20 Years US launch expected first quarter 2019 BOSTON, Oct. 02, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: PRTK) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved NUZYRA (omadacycline) for the treatment of adults with community-acquired bacterial pneumonia (CABP) and acute skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI). NUZYRA, a modernized tetracycline, is a once-daily IV and oral antibiotic that exhibits activity across a spectrum of bacteria, including Gram-positive, Gram-negative, atypicals, and drug resistant strains. The Company plans on making NUZYRA available in the first quarter 2019. In the face of ever-increasing antibiotic resistance, the FDA approved NUZYRA with a label having full approval for both CABP and ABSSSI. We are excited to bring to physicians an effective, well-tolerated monotherapy option for patients, said Evan Loh, M.D., President, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Medical Officer, Paratek. NUZYRA offers clinicians the ability to treat patients with the IV and transition them home to complete treatment with the oral formulation. This potentially helps reduce hospitalizations and the costs associated with hospital stays. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimates that drug-resistant bacteria cause 2 million illnesses and approximately 23,000 deaths each year in the United States. The main bacteria causing CABP, Streptococcus pneumoniae, is responsible for 1.2 million infections and 7,000 deaths, whereas ABSSSI is responsible for more than 750,000 hospitalizations. The increase of antibiotic resistance continues to drive the need for new, effective therapies. Treating pneumonia and skin infections has become increasingly complex as existing antibiotic therapies sometimes have reduced efficacy as resistance continues to grow. This reality makes it increasingly challenging to provide safe and effective treatments to patients, said Keith Kaye, M.D., MPH, Director of Clinical Research, Division of Infectious Diseases, University of Michigan. There continues to be a need for novel antibiotics with both IV and oral formulations, such as NUZYRA, to help physicians stay ahead of the evolving resistance landscape. The approval of NUZYRA is supported by multiple clinical trials within the company s global development program. Nearly 2,000 adult patients received NUZYRA and it was found to be efficacious and generally safe and well tolerated. As part of the approval, Paratek has agreed to conduct post marketing studies in CABP and pediatrics. The approval of NUZYRA is an historic milestone for Paratek as it represents 20 years of research and development of this life-saving antibiotic for patients affected by community-acquired infections, said Michael F. Bigham, Chairman and CEO, Paratek. There are countless champions of NUZYRA who have been tireless in their efforts to ensure its advancement to commercialization from patients, clinicians and study investigators to our Paratek team. We are grateful to all who played a role in making NUZYRA available to patients in need. We are excited to launch NUZYRA early next year. Conference Call and Webcast Paratek s conference call for the NUZYRA approval will be broadcast tomorrow at 8:30 a.m. EDT on October 3, 2018. The webcast can be accessed under "Events and Presentations" in the Investor Relations section of Paratek s website at www.ParatekPharma.com . Domestic investors wishing to participate in the call should dial: 877-407-0792 and international investors should dial: 201-689-8263. The conference ID is 13683728. Investors can also access the call at http://public.viavid.com/index.php?id=131551 . About NUZYRA NUZYRA (omadacycline) is a novel antibiotic with both once-daily intravenous (IV) and oral formulations for the treatment of community-acquired bacterial pneumonia (CABP) and acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI). A modernized tetracycline, NUZYRA is specifically designed to overcome tetracycline resistance and exhibits activity across a spectrum of bacteria, including Gram-positive, Gram-negative, atypicals, and other drug-resistant strains. Indications and Usage NUZYRA is a tetracycline class antibacterial indicated for the treatment of adult patients with the following infections caused by susceptible microorganisms: Community-Acquired Bacterial Pneumonia (CABP) caused by the following: Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible isolates), Haemophilus influenzae, Haemophilus parainfluenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae, and Chlamydophila pneumoniae. Acute Bacterial Skin and Skin Structure Infections (ABSSSI) caused by the following: Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible and -resistant isolates), Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Streptococcus pyogenes, Streptococcus anginosus grp. (includes S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus), Enterococcus faecalis, Enterobacter cloacae, and Klebsiella pneumoniae. Usage To reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of NUZYRA and other antibacterial drugs, NUZYRA should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. Important Safety Information Contraindications NUZYRA is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to omadacycline or tetracycline class antibacterial drugs, or to any of the excipients. Warnings and Precautions Mortality imbalance was observed in the CABP clinical trial with eight deaths (2%) occurring in patients treated with NUZYRA compared to four deaths (1%) in patients treated with moxifloxacin. The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. All deaths, in both treatment arms, occurred in patients > 65 years of age; most patients had multiple comorbidities. The causes of death varied and included worsening and/or complications of infection and underlying conditions. Closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality. The use of NUZYRA during tooth development (last half of pregnancy, infancy and childhood to the age of 8 years) may cause permanent discoloration of the teeth (yellow-gray-brown) and enamel hypoplasia. The use of NUZYRA during the second and third trimester of pregnancy, infancy and childhood up to the age of 8 years may cause reversible inhibition of bone growth. Hypersensitivity reactions have been reported with NUZYRA. Life-threatening hypersensitivity (anaphylactic) reactions have been reported with other tetracycline-class antibacterial drugs. NUZYRA is structurally similar to other tetracycline-class antibacterial drugs and is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to tetracycline-class antibacterial drugs. Discontinue NUZYRA if an allergic reaction occurs. Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea (CDAD) has been reported with use of nearly all antibacterial agents and may range in severity from mild diarrhea to fatal colitis. Evaluate if diarrhea occurs. NUZYRA is structurally similar to tetracycline-class of antibacterial drugs and may have similar adverse reactions. Adverse reactions including photosensitivity, pseudotumor cerebri, and anti-anabolic action which has led to increased BUN, azotemia, acidosis, hyperphosphatemia, pancreatitis, and abnormal liver function tests, have been reported for other tetracycline-class antibacterial drugs, and may occur with NUZYRA. Discontinue NUZYRA if any of these adverse reactions are suspected. Prescribing NUZYRA in the absence of a proven or strongly suspected bacterial infection is unlikely to provide benefit to the patient and increases the risk of the development of drug-resistant bacteria. Adverse Reactions The most common adverse reactions (incidence 2%) are nausea, vomiting, infusion site reactions, alanine aminotransferase increased, aspartate aminotransferase increased, gamma-glutamyl transferase increased, hypertension, headache, diarrhea, insomnia, and constipation. Drug Interactions Patients who are on anticoagulant therapy may require downward adjustment of their anticoagulant dosage while taking NUZYRA. Absorption of tetracyclines, including NUZYRA is impaired by antacids containing aluminum, calcium, or magnesium, bismuth subsalicylate and iron containing preparations. Use in Specific Populations Lactation: Breastfeeding is not recommended during treatment with NUZYRA. To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. at 1-833-727-2835 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch . Please see full Prescribing Information for NUZYRA at www.NUZYRA.com . About Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative therapies based upon its expertise in novel tetracycline chemistry. The company s lead commercial product, NUZYRA, is a once-daily intravenous and oral antibiotic for the treatment of adult patients with community-acquired bacterial pneumonia and acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections. Paratek is also studying NUZYRA for the treatment of urinary tract infections (UTI). Paratek is also preparing a marketing authorization application for omadacycline in the European Union. Paratek has entered into a collaboration agreement with Zai Lab for the development and commercialization of omadacycline in the greater China region and retains all remaining global rights. Under a research agreement with the U.S. Department of Defense, omadacycline also is being studied against pathogenic agents causing infectious diseases of public health and biodefense importance, including plague and anthrax. Paratek s second FDA approved product, SEYSARA (sarecycline), will be marketed by Almirall, SA in the U.S. as a new once-daily oral therapy for the treatment of acne. Paratek retains development and commercialization rights in the rest of the world. Recognizing the serious threat of bacterial infections, Paratek is dedicated to providing solutions that enable positive outcomes and lead to better patient stories. For more information, visit www.ParatekPharma.com or follow @ParatekPharma on Twitter. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements about the development, launch and commercialization of NUZYRA, the potential for NUZYRA to treat ABSSSI, CABP, UTI and other serious community-acquired bacterial infections, the prospect of NUZYRA providing broad-spectrum activity and commercialization activities. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release are forward-looking statements, and are identified by words such as potential, prospective, prepare and other words and terms of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. We may not actually achieve the plans, carry out the intentions or meet the expectations or projections disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those included in such forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties. These and other risk factors are discussed under "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein. PARATEK and the Hexagon Logo are registered trademarks of Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. NUZYRA and its design logo are trademarks of Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. CONTACT: Investor and Media Relations: Ben Strain 617-807-6688 ir@ParatekPharma.com A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/a4a64298-98c2-405d-9d1e-12632508b143

Supernus Announces Positive Results from Two Phase III Studies For SPN-812 in Children with ADHD Each study, P301 and P303, met primary endpoint with robust statistical significance Each study showed efficacy on both hyperactivity/impulsivity and inattention subscales with statistical significance P301 study showed statistically significant onset of action as early as week 1 on both treatment doses SPN-812 was well-tolerated with low incidence of adverse events and low discontinuation rates Conference call and webcast to discuss results at 9:00 a.m. ET today, December 6, 2018 ROCKVILLE, Md., Dec. 06, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:SUPN), a pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products for the treatment of central nervous system diseases, today announced positive topline results from each of two pivotal Phase III studies of SPN-812 in children for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Both trials were successful in achieving the primary endpoint, with SPN-812, at daily doses of 100 mg and 200 mg in study P301 and 200 mg and 400 mg in study P303. Robust statistical significance in improvement in the symptoms of ADHD from baseline to end of study as measured by the ADHD Rating Scale-5 was achieved. Both active doses in each study were well tolerated. The Company expects to announce topline data from study P302, the first adolescent Phase III trial of SPN-812, by the end of December 2018. Topline data from the second adolescent Phase III trial, P304, are expected by the end of the first quarter of 2019. The Company expects to submit a New Drug Application (NDA) for SPN-812 in the second half of 2019, and to launch it, pending U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval, in the second half of 2020. These are very exciting data demonstrating the important role we believe SPN-812 can play in treating patients with ADHD, stated Jack Khattar, President and Chief Executive Officer of Supernus Pharmaceuticals. We believe these data from the two pivotal Phase III studies, which are consistent with the Phase IIb data, demonstrate that SPN-812 is a well-differentiated novel non-stimulant treatment option for many children with ADHD. About the P301 and P303 Studies Both studies are randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, multicenter, parallel group clinical trials in children 6 to 11 years of age diagnosed with ADHD. Each treatment was administered orally once a day over five weeks in study P301 and seven weeks in study P302, after the titration phase. A total of 477 patients were randomized in the P301 study across placebo and two doses of SPN-812 (100mg/200mg). A total of 313 patients were randomized in the P303 study across placebo and two doses of SPN-812 (200mg/400mg). The primary objective of both studies was to assess the effect of SPN-812 in reducing the symptoms of ADHD in children. The primary outcome measure was the change from baseline to the end of the study in the ADHD-RS-5 total score. Safety and tolerability of SPN-812 were assessed by the monitoring of adverse events, clinical laboratory tests, vital signs, ECGs, suicidality and physical examinations. Patients who completed the study were offered the opportunity to continue into an open-label phase that is currently on-going. Topline Results P301 Study At the end of the study, SPN-812 100 mg and 200 mg doses reached statistical significance compared to placebo in the primary endpoint. Patients receiving SPN-812 100 mg and 200 mg had a -16.6 point change (p=0.0004) and a 17.7 point change (p<0.0001) from baseline, respectively, in the primary endpoint vs. -10.9 for placebo at week 6. This primary result based on Mixed Model Repeated Measures (MMRM) analysis in the Intent-To-Treat (ITT) population was confirmed by sensitivity analyses using Analysis of Covariance (ANCOVA) (100 mg, p=0.0008; 200 mg, p<0.0001). With respect to the effect size, patients receiving SPN-812 100 mg and 200 mg had an effect size of 0.54 and 0.57, respectively, within the range of 0.46 to 0.63 in the Phase IIb study results. The study demonstrated fast onset of action, reaching statistical significance for 100 mg and 200 mg doses as early as week 1 with p- values of 0.0004 and 0.0244, respectively. Statistical significance was maintained on a weekly basis through the end of the trial at week 6. In addition, at the end of the study, SPN-812 100 mg and 200 mg reached statistical significance compared to placebo on the hyperactivity/impulsivity and inattention subscales of the ADHD-RS-5 scale with p- values ranging from <0.0001 to 0.0026. Finally, SPN-812 100 mg and 200 mg met all secondary endpoints, including the important analysis of the Clinical Global Impression Improvement (CGI-I) secondary endpoint, with p- values of 0.002 and <0.0001, respectively, compared to placebo. P303 Study At the end of the study, SPN-812 200 mg and 400 mg doses reached statistical significance compared to placebo in the primary endpoint. Patients receiving SPN-812 200 mg and 400 mg had a -17.6 point change (p=0.0038) and a 17.5 point change (p=0.0063) from baseline, respectively, in the primary endpoint vs. -11.7 for placebo at week 8. This primary result based on Mixed Model Repeated Measures (MMRM) analysis in the ITT population was confirmed by sensitivity analyses using Analysis of Covariance (ANCOVA) (200 mg, p=0.0058; 400 mg, p<0.0121). With respect to the effect size, patients receiving 200 mg and 400 mg had an effect size of 0.46 and 0.49, respectively, within the range of 0.46 to 0.63 in the Phase IIb study results. Onset of action for SPN-812 showed clear differences compared to placebo starting by week 1, reaching statistical significance at week 5, which was sustained through the rest of the trial. Similar to the P301 study, at the end of the P303 study, SPN-812 200 mg and 400 mg reached statistical significance compared to placebo on the hyperactivity/impulsivity and inattention subscales of the ADHD-RS-5 scale with p- values ranging from 0.0020 to 0.0248. In addition, SPN-812 200 mg and 400 mg met the CGI-I secondary endpoint with p- values of 0.0028 and 0.0099, respectively, compared to placebo. Safety and tolerability Overall, both trials exhibited favorable tolerability and safety profiles with low incidence of adverse events (AEs) across all doses. AEs were mild leading to low discontinuation rates due to AEs of 2.2% to 4.8%. Treatment related AEs that reported at more than or equal to 5% for SPN-812 were somnolence, headache, decreased appetite, fatigue, and upper abdominal pain. Considering the strong efficacy and robust statistical significance on the primary endpoint, and several other key measures, coupled with a fast onset of action and a favorable tolerability and safety profile, we believe the data from these two pediatric Phase III trials for SPN-812 point to a well-differentiated ADHD product, stated Dr. Stefan Schwabe, Executive Vice President R&D, Chief Medical Officer of Supernus Pharmaceuticals. Conference Call Details The Company will hold a conference call and webcast today, December 6, 2018, at 9:00 a.m. ET to discuss these topline results. The call will be hosted by Jack Khattar, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Stefan Schwabe, Executive Vice President R&D and Chief Medical Officer, and Greg Patrick, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Presentation slides will be available via this webcast link approximately 30 minutes prior to the call. A question and answer session with the Supernus management team will follow the Company s remarks. Please refer to the information below for conference call dial-in information and webcast registration. Callers should dial in approximately 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. Conference dial-in: (877) 288-1043 International dial-in: (970) 315-0267 Conference ID: 8685367 Conference Call Name: Supernus Pharmaceuticals SPN-812 Phase III Topline Results Webcast link: Click here Following the live call, a replay will be available on the company's website, www.supernus.com, under Investors . About SPN-812 SPN-812 is a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor with selective serotonin modulation activity that Supernus is developing as a novel non-stimulant for the treatment of ADHD. Based on data generated to date, the Company believes SPN-812 could be a well-differentiated ADHD treatment compared to other non-stimulant treatments for ADHD due to its different pharmacological and pharmacokinetic profile. The active ingredient in SPN-812, viloxazine hydrochloride, has an extensive safety record in Europe, where it was previously marketed for many years as an antidepressant. About Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products for the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) diseases. The Company currently markets Trokendi XR (extended-release topiramate) for the prophylaxis of migraine and the treatment of epilepsy, and Oxtellar XR (extended-release oxcarbazepine) for the treatment of epilepsy. The Company is also developing several product candidates to address large market opportunities in the CNS market, including SPN-810 for the treatment of Impulsive Aggression in ADHD patients, SPN-812 for the treatment of ADHD and SPN-604 for the treatment of bipolar disorder. Forward-Looking Statements: This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements do not convey historical information, but relate to predicted or potential future events that are based upon management's current expectations. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. In addition to the factors mentioned in this press release, such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the Company s ability to successfully complete the development of its product candidates including SPN-812, obtain regulatory approval and commercially market them; the Company s ability to sustain and increase its profitability; the Company s ability to raise sufficient capital to fully implement its corporate strategy; the implementation of the Company s corporate strategy; the Company s future financial performance and projected expenditures; the Company s ability to increase the number of prescriptions written for each of its products; the Company s ability to increase its net revenue; the Company s ability to enter into future collaborations with pharmaceutical companies and academic institutions or to obtain funding from government agencies; the Company s product research and development activities, including the timing and progress of the Company s clinical trials, and projected expenditures; the Company s ability to receive, and the timing of any receipt of, regulatory approvals to develop and commercialize the Company s product candidates; the Company s ability to protect its intellectual property and operate its business without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others; the Company s expectations regarding federal, state and foreign regulatory requirements; the therapeutic benefits, effectiveness and safety of the Company s product candidates; the accuracy of the Company s estimates of the size and characteristics of the markets that may be addressed by its product candidates; the Company s ability to increase its manufacturing capabilities for its products and product candidates; the Company s projected markets and growth in markets; the Company s product formulations and patient needs and potential funding sources; the Company s staffing needs; and other risk factors set forth from time to time in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission made pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company undertakes no obligation to update the information in this press release to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. CONTACT: Jack A. Khattar, President and CEO Gregory S. Patrick, Vice President and CFO Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Tel: (301) 838-2591 Or

FDA Grants INSYS Therapeutics Fast Track Designation for Epinephrine Nasal Spray as Investigational Treatment for Anaphylaxis PHOENIX, Aug. 30, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- INSYS Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: INSY), a leader in the development, manufacture and commercialization of pharmaceutical cannabinoids and spray technology, announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Fast Track designation to the company s epinephrine nasal spray as an investigational treatment for anaphylaxis, an acute, life-threatening allergic reaction requiring urgent treatment. The receipt of Fast Track designation represents a significant milestone for INSYS and our clinical development of this novel drug-device combination, said Steve Sherman, senior vice president of regulatory affairs for INSYS Therapeutics. We look forward to working with the agency to make it available to those who may be interested in an alternative to intramuscular auto-injectors as soon as possible. In a previous clinical trial , the intranasal epinephrine product candidate from INSYS showed promise as a potential needle-free, non-invasive and easy-to-use alternative to intramuscular injection for the treatment of anaphylaxis. Preliminary results from this pharmacokinetic study involving 60 people with seasonal allergies demonstrated rapid drug absorption with the epinephrine nasal spray and showed that the bioavailability of the company s novel, proprietary formulation of epinephrine delivered intranasally was similar to that of intramuscular injection with EpiPen (0.3 mg). According to the Mayo Clinic, more than 200,000 cases of anaphylaxis occur each year in the United States. The World Allergy Organization estimates that up to two percent of the global population as many as 150 million people worldwide will experience anaphylaxis during their lifetime. Late last year, INSYS also received Fast Track designation for another of its product candidates specifically, cannabidiol (CBD) oral solution as an investigational treatment for the genetic condition Prader-Willi syndrome . Clinical development for that pipeline product is currently in Phase 2 , with enrollment underway. The company s proprietary formulation of pharmaceutical-grade CBD is also under evaluation for childhood absence epilepsy (Phase 2) and infantile spasms (Phase 3). About INSYS INSYS Therapeutics is a specialty pharmaceutical company that develops and commercializes innovative drugs and novel drug delivery systems of therapeutic molecules that improve patients quality of life. Using proprietary spray technology and capabilities to develop pharmaceutical cannabinoids, INSYS is developing a pipeline of products intended to address unmet medical needs and the clinical shortcomings of existing commercial products. INSYS is committed to developing medications for potentially treating anaphylaxis, epilepsy, Prader-Willi syndrome, opioid addiction and overdose, and other disease areas with a significant unmet need. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements including the potential for Fast Track designation to expedite the FDA s review of our epinephrine product candidate and our belief in this product candidate s potential to become a needle-free, non-invasive and easy-to-use alternative to intramuscular injection for the treatment of anaphylaxis. These forward-looking statements are based on management s expectations and assumptions as of the date of this news release; actual results may differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to, risk factors described in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including those factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2017 and subsequent updates that may occur in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this news release, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements, except as may be required by law.

Jacobs Consortium Wins New Dublin Metro North Contract from Transport Infrastructure Ireland Developing sustainable delivery strategy for new metro service DALLAS, May 9, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (NYSE:JEC), in consortium with Idom, has been appointed by Transport Infrastructure Ireland (TII) as Employer's Designer for the development and implementation of Ireland's first metro system, central to a new multi-modal transport strategy to support Dublin's continued economic growth. Working collaboratively with the National Transport Authority (NTA) and TII, the Jacobs Idom consortium will take the scheme from emerging preferred route status through evaluation and selection of preferred route, including all business case and environmental support work. It will then develop and promote the scheme railway orders, execute the planning process through An Bord Plean la and attend the subsequent oral hearing. Pending a successful oral hearing, the consortium will also lead the development of the contracting and delivery strategy and the construction delivery partner engagement. The team will then continue to support TII and NTA providing technical and commercial assurance throughout the construction delivery phase. "With a forecast of economic and population growth, the new metro service will play a vital role in improving Dublin's mobility, unlocking much-needed transit capacity and improving air quality at the same time," said Jacobs Buildings and Infrastructure Europe Senior Vice President and General Manager Donald Morrison. "Continuing our long history in supporting TII with major infrastructure implementation across Ireland, we look forward to working with Idom to bring a global team and depth of metro experience from both organizations to this potentially transformative project." The new 19 kilometer high frequency, high capacity metro service envisages some 11 kilometers of tunnel through the city, with 10 below-ground stations and five above-ground stations. It will integrate other transport options across the city to maximize user capacity and functionality. Running from Swords, via Dublin Airport to Dublin's south city center, the scheme will also look to upgrade the existing LUAS green line to Sandford to increase capacity and fully integrate with the new metro. Jacobs leads the global professional services sector delivering solutions for a more connected, sustainable world. With $15 billion in fiscal 2017 revenue when combined with full-year CH2M revenues and a talent force of more than 77,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of services including scientific, technical, professional and construction- and program-management for business, industrial, commercial, government and infrastructure sectors. For more information, visit www.jacobs.com, and connect with Jacobs on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Statements made in this release that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. We base these forward-looking statements on management's current estimates and expectations as well as currently available competitive, financial and economic data. Forward-looking statements, however, are inherently uncertain. There are a variety of factors that could cause business results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. For a description of some of the factors which may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements please refer to our Form 10-K for the year ended September 29, 2017, and in particular the discussions contained under Items 1 - Business, 1A - Risk Factors, 3 - Legal Proceedings, and 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements made herein. For press/media inquiries:Kerrie Sparks214.583.8433 Brian Morandi720.286.0719 SOURCE Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Related Links http://www.jacobs.com

Quanex Building Products Announces Third Quarter 2020 Results and Provides Updated Full Year 2020 Guidance Balance Sheet & Liquidity Remain Strong Repaid $78 Million of Bank Debt Over 50% Increase in Cash Provided by Operations Margin Expansion Realized in EU Fenestration Segment Management Remains Optimistic on Recovery HOUSTON, Sept. 03, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Quanex Building Products Corporation (NYSE:NX) ( Quanex or the Company ) today announced its results for the three months ended July 31, 2020. The Company reported the following selected financial results: Three Months Ended July 31, Nine Months Ended July 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net Sales $212.1 $238.5 $596.2 $653.5 Gross Margin $49.7 $57.1 $126.6 $142.2 Gross Margin % 23.4% 23.9% 21.2% 21.8% Net Income (Loss) $10.8 $11.8 $16.3 ($15.8) Diluted EPS $0.33 $0.36 $0.50 ($0.48) Adjusted Net Income $11.1 $13.7 $18.7 $17.8 Adjusted Diluted EPS $0.34 $0.41 $0.57 $0.54 Adjusted EBITDA $27.7 $32.8 $65.2 $68.2 Adjusted EBITDA Margin % 13.1% 13.7% 10.9% 10.4% Cash Provided by Operating Activities $45.1 $29.9 $47.6 $30.0 Free Cash Flow $40.7 $25.9 $26.9 $13.1 (See Non-GAAP Terminology Definitions and Disclaimers section, Non-GAAP Financial Measure Disclosure table Selected Segment Data table and Free Cash Flow Reconciliation table for additional information) George Wilson, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, Despite the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, third quarter results proved better than we expected and exceeded the guidance we provided on our last earnings call. Volumes increased steadily throughout the quarter, especially in Europe, and we remain optimistic on the recovery. We continue to focus on managing working capital and generating cash. As a result, we realized an increase of over 50% in cash provided by operating activities as compared to the same period of 2019. We were also able to repay $78 million of bank debt during the quarter, $50 million of which was drawn as a precautionary measure in response to the pandemic, and our leverage ratio of Net Debt to LTM Adjusted EBITDA improved to a level below where we ended fiscal 2019. We have worked tirelessly over the past several years to make sure we have a flexible capital structure and a strong balance sheet, which has left our Company well positioned to navigate the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. Consistent with most companies, we withdrew guidance for fiscal 2020 in March due to the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic. Our results have been negatively impacted by the pandemic; however, we continue to be positively surprised by the pace at which demand for our products has returned. As such, we are now comfortable providing full year 2020 guidance of $832 million to $837 million in net sales and $97 million to $102 million in Adjusted EBITDA*. (See Non-GAAP Terminology Definitions and Disclaimers section for additional information) *When Quanex provides expectations for Adjusted EBITDA on a forward-looking basis, a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP expectations and corresponding GAAP measures is generally not available without unreasonable effort. Certain items required for such a reconciliation are outside of the Company s control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted or estimated, such as the provision for income taxes. Third Quarter 2020 Results Summary The decrease in net sales during the third quarter of 2020 was largely attributable to softer demand related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company s two manufacturing facilities in the UK were shut down in compliance with government orders on March 25, 2020, and manufacturing operations at those plants did not restart until mid-to-late May. However, volume across all segments increased significantly in June and net sales in July exceeded prior year on a consolidated basis. (See Sales Analysis table for additional information) The decrease in reported earnings was primarily due to reduced operating leverage as a result of softer volumes related to the pandemic. Balance Sheet & Liquidity Update As of July 31, 2020, the Company s leverage ratio of Net Debt to LTM Adjusted EBITDA improved to 1.1x. Quanex expects to exit fiscal 2020 with a leverage ratio of Net Debt to LTM Adjusted EBITDA at or below 1.0x. (See Non-GAAP Terminology Definitions and Disclaimers section for additional information) The Company s liquidity increased to $223.2 million as of July 31, 2020, consisting of $41.1 million in cash on hand plus availability under its Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility due 2023, less letters of credit outstanding. Share Repurchases Quanex s Board of Directors authorized a $60 million share repurchase program in September of 2018. Repurchases under this program will be made in open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. The program does not have an expiration date or a limit on the number of shares that may be repurchased. The Company did not repurchase any shares of common stock during the three months ended July 31, 2020. As of July 31, 2020, approximately $11.7 million remained under the existing share repurchase authorization. Recent Events Quanex s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.08 per share on the Company s common stock, payable September 30, 2020, to shareholders of record on September 16, 2020. Conference Call and Webcast Information The Company has scheduled a conference call for Friday, September 4, 2020, at 11:00 a.m. ET (10:00 a.m. CT). To participate in the conference call dial (877) 388-2139 for domestic callers and (541) 797-2983 for international callers, in both cases using the conference passcode 6194308, and ask for the Quanex call a few minutes prior to the start time. A link to the live audio webcast will also be available on the Company s website at http://www.quanex.com in the Investors section under Presentations & Events. A telephonic replay of the call will be available approximately two hours after the live broadcast ends and will be accessible through September 11, 2020. To access the replay dial (855) 859-2056 for domestic callers and (404) 537-3406 for international callers, in both cases referencing conference passcode 6194308. About Quanex Quanex Building Products Corporation is an industry-leading manufacturer of components sold to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) in the building products industry. Quanex designs and produces energy-efficient fenestration products in addition to kitchen and bath cabinet components. For more information contact Scott Zuehlke, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer, at 713-877-5327 or scott.zuehlke@quanex.com . Non-GAAP Terminology Definitions and Disclaimers Adjusted Net Income (Loss) (defined as net income further adjusted to exclude purchase price accounting inventory step-ups, transaction costs, certain severance charges, gain/loss on the sale of certain fixed assets, restructuring charges, asset impairment charges, other net adjustments related to foreign currency transaction gain/loss and effective tax rates reflecting impacts of adjustments on a with and without basis) and Adjusted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that Quanex believes provide a consistent basis for comparison between periods and more accurately reflects operational performance, as they are not influenced by certain income or expense items not affecting ongoing operations. EBITDA (defined as net income or loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and other, net) and Adjusted EBITDA (defined as EBITDA further adjusted to exclude purchase price accounting inventory step-ups, transaction costs, certain severance charges, gain/loss on the sale of certain fixed assets, restructuring charges and asset impairment charges) are non-GAAP financial measures that the Company uses to measure operational performance and assist with financial decision-making. The leverage ratio of Net Debt to LTM Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure that the Company believes is useful to investors and financial analysts in evaluating Quanex s leverage. In addition, with certain limited adjustments, this leverage ratio is the basis for a key covenant in the Company s credit agreement. Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP measure calculated using cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Free Cash Flow is measured before application of certain contractual commitments (including capital lease obligations), and accordingly is not a true measure of Quanex s residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. The Company believes that the presented non-GAAP measures provide a consistent basis for comparison between periods, and will assist investors in understanding Quanex s financial performance when comparing results to other investment opportunities. The presented non-GAAP measures may not be the same as those used by other companies. The Company does not intend for this information to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for other measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Forward Looking Statements Statements that use the words estimated, expect, could, should, believe, will, might, or similar words reflecting future expectations or beliefs are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: impacts from public health issues (including pandemics, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic) on the economy and the demand for Quanex s products, the Company s future operating results, future financial condition, future uses of cash and other expenditures, expenses and tax rates, expectations relating to Quanex s industry, and the Company s future growth, including any guidance discussed in this press release. The statements and guidance set forth in this release are based on current expectations. Actual results or events may differ materially from this release. For a complete discussion of factors that may affect Quanex s future performance, please refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2019, and the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q under the sections entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors . Any forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date hereof, and Quanex undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or events. QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) (In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended July 31, Nine Months Ended July 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net sales $ 212,096 $ 238,461 $ 596,168 $ 653,472 Cost of sales 162,427 181,357 469,586 511,292 Selling, general and administrative 21,973 25,718 62,818 77,466 Restructuring charges 73 94 477 281 Depreciation and amortization 11,060 12,182 35,851 37,158 Asset impairment charges - - - 29,978 Operating income (loss) 16,563 19,110 27,436 (2,703 ) Interest expense (1,165 ) (2,570 ) (4,310 ) (7,614 ) Other, net (220 ) 259 116 461 Income (loss) before income taxes 15,178 16,799 23,242 (9,856 ) Income tax expense (4,345 ) (4,958 ) (6,898 ) (5,926 ) Net income (loss) $ 10,833 $ 11,841 $ 16,344 $ (15,782 ) Earnings (loss) per common share, basic $ 0.33 $ 0.36 $ 0.50 $ (0.48 ) Earnings (loss) per common share, diluted $ 0.33 $ 0.36 $ 0.50 $ (0.48 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 32,610 32,899 32,716 32,984 Diluted 32,739 33,162 32,845 32,984 Cash dividends per share $ 0.08 $ 0.08 $ 0.24 $ 0.24 QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands) (Unaudited) July 31, 2020 October 31, 2019 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 41,073 $ 30,868 Accounts receivable, net 84,479 82,946 Inventories, net 63,939 67,159 Prepaid and other current assets 7,930 9,353 Total current assets 197,421 190,326 Property, plant and equipment, net 186,830 193,600 Operating lease right-of-use assets 49,644 - Goodwill 146,932 145,563 Intangible assets, net 96,957 107,297 Other assets 9,007 8,324 Total assets $ 686,791 $ 645,110 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 58,676 $ 63,604 Accrued liabilities 33,916 39,221 Income taxes payable 6,350 6,183 Current maturities of long-term debt 690 746 Current operating lease liabilities 7,307 - Total current liabilities 106,939 109,754 Long-term debt 152,062 156,414 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 42,740 - Deferred pension and postretirement benefits 11,375 13,322 Deferred income taxes 20,507 19,363 Other liabilities 13,230 16,070 Total liabilities 346,853 314,923 Stockholders equity: Common stock 373 374 Additional paid-in-capital 253,144 254,673 Retained earnings 193,989 185,703 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (28,819 ) (33,817 ) Treasury stock at cost (78,749 ) (76,746 ) Total stockholders equity 339,938 330,187 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 686,791 $ 645,110 QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW (In thousands) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended July 31, 2020 2019 Operating activities: Net income (loss) $ 16,344 $ (15,782 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 35,851 37,158 Stock-based compensation 513 1,424 Deferred income tax 438 1,930 Asset impairment charge - 29,978 Other, net 762 1,724 Changes in assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable (1,852 ) 323 Decrease (increase) in inventory 3,553 (14,747 ) Decrease (increase) in other current assets 1,218 (1,022 ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable (1,878 ) 1,562 Decrease in accrued liabilities (7,611 ) (15,366 ) Increase in income taxes payable 107 396 Increase in deferred pension and postretirement benefits 573 2,351 Decrease in other long-term liabilities (181 ) (143 ) Other, net (276 ) 250 Cash provided by operating activities 47,561 30,036 Investing activities: Capital expenditures (20,673 ) (16,984 ) Proceeds from disposition of capital assets 131 315 Cash used for investing activities (20,542 ) (16,669 ) Financing activities: Borrowings under credit facilities 114,500 66,500 Repayments of credit facility borrowings (119,000 ) (84,000 ) Repayments of other long-term debt (791 ) (1,102 ) Common stock dividends paid (7,910 ) (7,990 ) Issuance of common stock 2,954 2,710 Payroll tax paid to settle shares forfeited upon vesting of stock (454 ) (330 ) Purchase of treasury stock (6,693 ) (6,336 ) Cash used for financing activities (17,394 ) (30,548 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 580 (1,171 ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 10,205 (18,352 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 30,868 29,003 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 41,073 $ 10,651 QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION FREE CASH FLOW RECONCILIATION (In thousands) (Unaudited) The following table reconciles the Company's calculation of Free Cash Flow, a non-GAAP measure, to its most directly comparable GAAP measure. The Company defines Free Cash Flow as cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Three Months Ended July 31, Nine Months Ended July 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Cash provided by operating activities $45,089 $29,893 $47,561 $30,036 Capital expenditures (4,360 ) (3,962 ) (20,673 ) (16,984 ) Free Cash Flow $40,729 $25,931 $26,888 $13,052 QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE DISCLOSURE (In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) Reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended July 31, 2020 July 31, 2019 July 31, 2020 July 31, 2019 Net Income Diluted EPS Net Income Diluted EPS Net Income Diluted EPS Net (Loss) Income Diluted EPS Net income (loss) as reported $ 10,833 $ 0.33 $ 11,841 $ 0.36 $ 16,344 $ 0.50 $ (15,782 ) $ (0.48 ) Reconciling items from below 280 0.01 1,809 0.05 2,387 0.07 33,595 1.02 Adjusted net income and adjusted EPS $ 11,113 $ 0.34 $ 13,650 $ 0.41 $ 18,731 $ 0.57 $ 17,813 $ 0.54 Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA Three Months Ended July 31, 2020 Three Months Ended July 31, 2019 Nine Months Ended July 31, 2020 Nine Months Ended July 31, 2019 Reconciliation Reconciliation Reconciliation Reconciliation Net income (loss) as reported $ 10,833 $ 11,841 $ 16,344 $ (15,782 ) Income tax expense 4,345 4,958 6,898 5,926 Other, net 220 (259 ) (116 ) (461 ) Interest expense 1,165 2,570 4,310 7,614 Depreciation and amortization 11,060 12,182 35,851 37,158 EBITDA 27,623 31,292 63,287 34,455 Reconciling items from below 73 1,495 1,875 33,777 Adjusted EBITDA $ 27,696 $ 32,787 $ 65,162 $ 68,232 Reconciling Items Three Months Ended July 31, 2020 Three Months Ended July 31, 2019 Nine Months Ended July 31, 2020 Nine Months Ended July 31, 2019 Income Statement Reconciling Items Income Statement Reconciling Items Income Statement Reconciling Items Income Statement Reconciling Items Net sales $ 212,096 $ - $ 238,461 $ - $ 596,168 $ - $ 653,472 $ - Cost of sales 162,427 - 181,357 - 469,586 - 511,292 - Selling, general and administrative 21,973 - 25,718 (1,401 ) (1) 62,818 (1,398 ) (1) 77,466 (3,518 ) (1) Restructuring charges 73 (73 ) (2) 94 (94 ) (2) 477 (477 ) (2) 281 (281 ) (2) Asset impairment charges - - - - - - 29,978 (29,978 ) (3) EBITDA 27,623 73 31,292 1,495 63,287 1,875 34,455 33,777 Depreciation and amortization 11,060 - 12,182 - 35,851 (968 ) (4) 37,158 - Operating income (loss) 16,563 73 19,110 1,495 27,436 2,843 (2,703 ) 33,777 Interest expense (1,165 ) - (2,570 ) - (4,310 ) - (7,614 ) - Other, net (220 ) 458 (5) 259 (112 ) (5) 116 390 (5) 461 (67 ) (5) Income (loss) before income taxes 15,178 531 16,799 1,383 23,242 3,233 (9,856 ) 33,710 Income tax expense (4,345 ) (251 ) (6) (4,958 ) 426 (6) (6,898 ) (846 ) (6) (5,926 ) (115 ) (6) Net income (loss) $ 10,833 $ 280 $ 11,841 $ 1,809 $ 16,344 $ 2,387 $ (15,782 ) $ 33,595 Diluted earnings (loss) per share $ 0.33 $ 0.36 $ 0.50 $ (0.48 ) (1) Transaction and advisory fees, $1.3 million related to executive severance charges in the nine months ended 2020, $1.2 million of executive severance charges in the three and nine months ended 2019, and $1.2 million of severance charges related to a reorganization in the nine months ended 2019. (2) Restructuring charges relate to the closure of manufacturing plant facilities. (3) Asset impairment charges relate to goodwill impairment in the North American Cabinet Components segment. (4) Accelerated depreciation related to the closure of a North American Cabinet Components plant. (5) Foreign currency transaction losses (gains). (6) Impact on a with and without basis. QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION SELECTED SEGMENT DATA (In thousands) (Unaudited) This table provides gross margin, operating income (loss), EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA by reportable segment. Non-operating expense and income tax expense are not allocated to the reportable segments. NA Fenestration EU Fenestration NA Cabinet Components Unallocated Corp & Other Total Three months ended July 31, 2020 Net sales $ 122,386 $ 38,265 $ 51,925 $ (480 ) $ 212,096 Cost of sales 92,639 25,845 44,218 (275 ) 162,427 Gross Margin 29,747 12,420 7,707 (205 ) 49,669 Gross Margin % 24.3 % 32.5 % 14.8 % 23.4 % Selling, general and administrative 11,922 4,748 4,634 669 21,973 Restructuring charges 71 - 2 - 73 Depreciation and amortization 5,371 2,307 3,264 118 11,060 Operating income (loss) 12,383 5,365 (193 ) (992 ) 16,563 Depreciation and amortization 5,371 2,307 3,264 118 11,060 EBITDA 17,754 7,672 3,071 (874 ) 27,623 Restructuring charges 71 - 2 - 73 Adjusted EBITDA $ 17,825 $ 7,672 $ 3,073 $ (874 ) $ 27,696 Adjusted EBITDA Margin % 14.6 % 20.0 % 5.9 % 13.1 % Three months ended July 31, 2019 Net sales $ 136,259 $ 44,326 $ 58,689 $ (813 ) $ 238,461 Cost of sales 101,693 30,708 49,389 (433 ) 181,357 Gross Margin 34,566 13,618 9,300 (380 ) 57,104 Gross Margin % 25.4 % 30.7 % 15.8 % 23.9 % Selling, general and administrative 11,950 6,038 4,484 3,246 25,718 Restructuring charges 94 - - - 94 Depreciation and amortization 6,578 2,213 3,258 133 12,182 Operating income (loss) 15,944 5,367 1,558 (3,759 ) 19,110 Depreciation and amortization 6,578 2,213 3,258 133 12,182 EBITDA 22,522 7,580 4,816 (3,626 ) 31,292 Transaction and advisory fees - - - 250 250 Severance charges - - - 1,151 1,151 Restructuring charges 94 - - - 94 Adjusted EBITDA $ 22,616 $ 7,580 $ 4,816 $ (2,225 ) $ 32,787 Adjusted EBITDA Margin % 16.6 % 17.1 % 8.2 % 13.7 % Nine months ended July 31, 2020 Net sales $ 341,432 $ 104,230 $ 152,634 $ (2,128 ) $ 596,168 Cost of sales 266,489 72,055 132,259 (1,217 ) 469,586 Gross Margin 74,943 32,175 20,375 (911 ) 126,582 Gross Margin % 21.9 % 30.9 % 13.3 % 21.2 % Selling, general and administrative 34,962 15,990 13,468 (1,602 ) 62,818 Restructuring charges 228 - 249 - 477 Depreciation and amortization 18,311 7,045 10,139 356 35,851 Operating income (loss) 21,442 9,140 (3,481 ) 335 27,436 Depreciation and amortization 18,311 7,045 10,139 356 35,851 EBITDA 39,753 16,185 6,658 691 63,287 Transaction and advisory fees - - - 55 55 Executive severance charges - - - 1,343 1,343 Restructuring charges 228 - 249 - 477 Adjusted EBITDA $ 39,981 $ 16,185 $ 6,907 $ 2,089 $ 65,162 Adjusted EBITDA Margin % 11.7 % 15.5 % 4.5 % 10.9 % Nine months ended July 31, 2019 Net sales $ 360,654 $ 121,203 $ 175,377 $ (3,762 ) $ 653,472 Cost of sales 278,877 84,139 150,944 (2,668 ) 511,292 Gross Margin 81,777 37,064 24,433 (1,094 ) 142,180 Gross Margin % 22.7 % 30.6 % 13.9 % 21.8 % Selling, general and administrative 37,240 17,444 13,914 8,868 77,466 Restructuring charges 281 - - - 281 Depreciation and amortization 20,208 6,669 9,902 379 37,158 Asset impairment charges - - 29,978 - 29,978 Operating income (loss) 24,048 12,951 (29,361 ) (10,341 ) (2,703 ) Depreciation and amortization 20,208 6,669 9,902 379 37,158 EBITDA 44,256 19,620 (19,459 ) (9,962 ) 34,455 Asset impairment charges - - 29,978 - 29,978 Transaction and advisory fees - - - 1,217 1,217 Severance related to reorganization - - - 2,301 2,301 Restructuring charges 281 - - - 281 Adjusted EBITDA $ 44,537 $ 19,620 $ 10,519 $ (6,444 ) $ 68,232 Adjusted EBITDA Margin % 12.3 % 16.2 % 6.0 % 10.4 % QUANEX BUILDING PRODUCTS CORPORATION SALES ANALYSIS (In thousands) (Unaudited)

Medifast, Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend BALTIMORE, March 19, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Medifast, Inc. (NYSE: MED), the company behind one of the fastest-growing health and wellness communities, OPTAVIA , announced today that its Board of Directors has declared a $1.13 quarterly cash dividend to its stockholders. The quarterly cash dividend of $1.13 per share is payable on May 6, 2020 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 31, 2020. Medifast expects to maintain a program of paying dividends on a quarterly basis. However, the declaration of dividends in the future is subject to the discretion of the company's Board of Directors, who will evaluate the company's dividend program from time to time based on factors that it deems relevant. About Medifast:Medifast (NYSE: MED) is the company behind one of the fastest-growing health and wellness communities, OPTAVIA , which offers Lifelong Transformation, One Healthy Habit at a Time . Based on nearly 40 years of experience, Medifast has redefined direct selling by combining the best aspects of the model. Its community of thousands of independent OPTAVIA Coaches teach Clients to develop holistic healthy habits through products and clinically proven plans, the Habits of Health Transformational System and comprehensive support from a community of like-minded people. In 2019, Medifast expanded the OPTAVIA movement globally, beginning with the Asia-Pacific region. Medifast is traded on the New York Stock Exchange and was named to Fortune's 100 Fastest-Growing Companies list in 2019 and Forbes' 100 Most Trustworthy Companies in America list in 2016 and 2017. For more information, visit www.MedifastInc.com or www.OPTAVIA.com. Forward Looking StatementsThis release contains "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These "forward-looking" statements are based on present circumstances and on Medifast's predictions with respect to events that have not occurred, that may not occur, or that may occur with different consequences and timing than those now assumed or anticipated. Such forward-looking statements, including the expected future payment of dividends and any statement of the plans and objectives of management for future operations and forecasts of future growth and value, are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events or results described in the forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this release and Medifast assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. MED-F SOURCE Medifast, Inc.

Aegion Corporation Awarded $5.7 Million Wastewater Pipeline Rehabilitation Contract in Montgomery, Alabama Nasdaq:AEGN SAINT LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 06, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aegion Corporation (NASDAQ:AEGN) today announced that its subsidiary, Insituform Technologies, LLC, has been awarded a wastewater pipeline rehabilitation contract valued at $5.7 million from the Montgomery Water Works & Sanitary Sewer Board (WWSSB) in Alabama. Insituform has a 25-year history of working with WWSSB on substantial projects and has rehabilitated nearly 110 miles of 6- to 54-inch diameter wastewater pipelines in the last 10 years for WWSSB. Insituform will rehabilitate more than 22,000 feet of 18- to 30-inch wastewater pipelines in residential and commercial areas throughout Montgomery using Insituform cured-in-place pipe (CIPP) beginning in August 2019. The Company anticipates completing the project in October 2020. About Aegion Corporation (NASDAQ: AEGN) Aegion combines innovative technologies with market-leading expertise to maintain, rehabilitate and strengthen infrastructure around the world. Since 1971, the Company has played a pioneering role in finding transformational solutions to rehabilitate aging infrastructure, primarily pipelines in the wastewater, water, energy, mining and refining industries. Aegion also maintains the efficient operation of refineries and other industrial facilities. Aegion is committed to Stronger. Safer. Infrastructure. More information about Aegion can be found at https://www.aegion.com/ . Forward-Looking Statements The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. Aegion s forward-looking statements in this news release represent its beliefs or expectations about future events or financial performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Aegion and on management s beliefs, assumptions, estimates or projections and are not guarantees of future events or results. When used in this document, the words anticipate, estimate, believe, plan, intend, may, will and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Such statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those referred to in the Risk Factors section of Aegion s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2019, and in subsequently filed documents. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events may not occur. In addition, Aegion s actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, suggested or projected. Except as required by law, Aegion does not assume a duty to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Investors should, however, review additional disclosures made by Aegion from time to time in Aegion s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please use caution and do not place reliance on forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements made by Aegion in this news release are qualified by these cautionary statements. Aegion , Insituform and the Aegion logo are the registered trademarks of Aegion Corporation and its affiliates. (AEGN-GEN) For more information, contact: Katie Cason Vice President Finance and Investor Relations 636-530-8000

Integra LifeSciences Announces Approval of Two-for-One Stock Split PLAINSBORO, N.J., Dec. 22, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:IART) today announced that its stockholders approved a two-for-one stock split and an increase from 60 million to 240 million authorized shares of the Company s common stock at a special meeting of stockholders held on Wednesday, December 21, 2016. Holders of record, as of the close of markets on December 21, 2016, will be entitled to receive one additional share of common stock for each share held. The shares are expected to be distributed on January 3, 2017. The adjusted stock price is expected to be reflected on the NASDAQ stock market on January 4, 2017. About Integra LifeSciences Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation, a world leader in medical technology, is dedicated to limiting uncertainty for clinicians, so they can concentrate on providing the best patient care. Integra offers innovative solutions, including leading plastic and regenerative technologies, in specialty surgical solutions, orthopedics and tissue technologies. For more information, please visit www.integralife.com. Statements made at the upcoming conferences may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from predicted results. Forward-looking factors that may be discussed include, but are not limited to, future financial performance, new product development, governmental approvals, market potential and resulting sales as well as potential therapeutic applications, and additional acquisitions. These risks and uncertainties include market conditions and other factors beyond the Company's control and the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified under the heading "Risk Factors" included in item 1A of Integra's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and information contained in subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission could affect actual results. These forward-looking statements are made only as the date thereof, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Contacts: Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation Investor Relations: Angela Steinway (609) 936-2268 angela.steinway@integralife.com Michael Beaulieu (609) 750-2827 michael.beaulieu@integralife.com

Diana Shipping Inc. Announces Time Charter Contract for m/v Philadelphia with BHP ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 11, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Diana Shipping Inc. (NYSE: DSX), (the Company ), a global shipping company specializing in the ownership of dry bulk vessels, today announced that, through a separate wholly-owned subsidiary, it has entered into a time charter contract with BHP Billiton Freight Singapore Pte. Ltd., for one of its Newcastlemax dry bulk vessels, the m/v Philadelphia. The gross charter rate is US$14,500 per day, minus a 5% commission paid to third parties, for a period of minimum fourteen (14) months to maximum seventeen (17) months. The charter commenced on February 5, 2020. The Philadelphia is a 206,040 dwt Newcastlemax dry bulk vessel built in 2012. This employment is anticipated to generate approximately US$6.09 million of gross revenue for the minimum scheduled period of the time charter. Upon completion of the previously announced sales of one Panamax dry bulk vessel, the m/v Calipso, and one Capesize dry bulk vessel, the m/v Norfolk, Diana Shipping Inc. s fleet will consist of 40 dry bulk vessels (4 Newcastlemax, 13 Capesize, 5 Post-Panamax, 5 Kamsarmax and 13 Panamax). As of today, the combined carrying capacity of the Company s fleet, including the m/v Calipso and the m/v Norfolk, is approximately 5.2 million dwt with a weighted average age of 9.66 years. A table describing the current Diana Shipping Inc. fleet can be found on the Company s website, www.dianashippinginc.com. Information contained on the Company s website does not constitute a part of this press release. About the Company Diana Shipping Inc. is a global provider of shipping transportation services through its ownership of dry bulk vessels. The Company s vessels are employed primarily on medium to long-term time charters and transport a range of dry bulk cargoes, including such commodities as iron ore, coal, grain and other materials along worldwide shipping routes. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words believe, anticipate, intends, estimate, forecast, project, plan, potential, may, should, expect, pending and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, Company management s examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company s records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies that are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company s control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections. In addition to these important factors, other important factors that, in the Company s view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the strength of world economies and currencies, general market conditions, including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values, changes in demand for dry bulk shipping capacity, changes in the Company s operating expenses, including bunker prices, drydocking and insurance costs, the market for the Company s vessels, availability of financing and refinancing, changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities, potential liability from pending or future litigation, general domestic and international political conditions, potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events, vessel breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see the Company s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Corporate Contact: Ioannis Zafirakis Director, Chief Strategy Officer and Secretary Telephone: + 30-210-9470-100 Email: Website: www.dianashippinginc.com Investor and Media Relations: Edward Nebb Comm-Counsellors, LLC Telephone: + 1-203-972-8350 Email:

Centreville Bank and PB Bancorp, Inc. Sign Merger Agreement for Centreville Bank to Acquire Putnam Bank WEST WARWICK, R.I. and PUTNAM, Conn., Oct. 22, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Centreville Bank, a Rhode Island-chartered savings bank, and PB Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ Capital Market: PBBI) jointly announced today that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement for Centreville Bank to acquire PB Bancorp and its wholly owned subsidiary, Putnam Bank, in a transaction valued at approximately $115.5 million. The parties anticipate the proposed transaction will close in the first or second quarter of 2020. Under the terms of the agreement, shareholders of PB Bancorp will receive $15.25 in cash per share. The merger consideration represents approximately 145% of PB Bancorp's tangible book value as of June 30, 2019. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals and approval by the shareholders of PB Bancorp, Inc. Harold M. Horvat, President, CEO and Chairman of Centreville Bank, stated: "Bringing Putnam Bank into the Centreville Bank family makes great strategic sense, business sense, and cultural sense. Our two organizations share many common traits, including being solid fiscally, making decisions that are customer centric, and having an unwavering commitment to the communities that make up our market area. We feel that our entry into Eastern Connecticut through Putnam Bank is a 'win/win' for both institutions." "This transaction provides excellent value to our shareholders. We are excited to become part of Centreville Bank and we believe that this partnership will be beneficial to our employees, customers and communities," said Tom Borner, President and CEO of PB Bancorp and Putnam Bank. "We look forward to partnering with the talented people of Centreville Bank to combine the best of both of our organizations and assuring that our customers and communities will benefit from the wide range of products and commitment to service provided by Centreville Bank." The combined organization will have approximately $1.78 billion in assets and $1.31 billion in deposits. Upon completion of the transaction, one current member of the board of directors of PB Bancorp will be appointed to serve as a member of the Board of Trustees of Centreville Bank. Following completion of the merger, the current branches of Putnam Bank will remain open and will conduct business under the trade name "Putnam Bank, a Division of Centreville Bank." Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. acted as financial advisor to Centreville Bank and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, a Stifel Company, acted as financial advisor to PB Bancorp, Inc. and rendered a fairness opinion to the Board of Directors of PB Bancorp, Inc. in conjunction with this transaction. Nutter McClennen & Fish LLP served as legal counsel to Centreville Bank, and Luse Gorman, PC served as legal counsel to Putnam Bank and PB Bancorp, Inc. About Centreville Bank Founded in 1828 and headquartered in West Warwick, Rhode Island, Centreville Bank is a full-service mutual bank operating through seven branch locations in Coventry, Cranston, East Greenwich, Narragansett, North Kingstown, West Greenwich, and West Warwick, with total assets of $1.25 billion as of June 30, 2019. For more information, please visit www.centrevillebank.com. About PB Bancorp, Inc. and Putnam Bank PB Bancorp, Inc., headquartered in Putnam, Connecticut, is the parent of Putnam Bank, a state-chartered stock savings bank founded in 1862. The Bank offers a wide range of financial services through its eight full-service offices. Putnam Bank also operates a full-service loan center in Putnam, Connecticut. The Bank's deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. PB Bancorp, Inc.'s common stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol "PBBI". Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding the anticipated closing date of the transaction and anticipated future results. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words like "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "estimate", and "intend" or future or conditional verbs such as "will", "would", "should", "could" or "may". Certain factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected results include delays in completing the merger, difficulties in achieving cost savings from the merger or in achieving such cost savings within the expected time frame, difficulties in integrating PB Bancorp, Inc. and Putnam Bank, the reaction of the companies' customers, employees and counterparties to the transaction, increased competitive pressures, changes in the interest rate environment, changes in general economic conditions, legislative and regulatory changes that adversely affect the business in which PB Bancorp, Inc., Putnam Bank and Centreville Bank is engaged, changes in the securities markets and other risks and uncertainties. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. None of PB Bancorp, Inc., Putnam Bank or Centreville Bank undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to publicly release the result of any revisions that may be made to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the events or circumstances after the date on which the forward-looking statement is made, or reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except to the extent required by law. Additional Information In connection with the proposed merger, PB Bancorp, Inc. will provide its shareholders with a proxy statement and other relevant documents concerning the proposed transaction. Shareholders of PB Bancorp, Inc. are urged to read the proxy statement and other relevant documents and any amendments or supplements to those documents, because they will contain important information which should be considered before making any decision regarding the transaction. Shareholders of PB Bancorp, Inc. will be able to obtain a copy of the proxy statement, and any other relevant documents, without charge, when they become available, at the Securities and Exchange Commission website (www.sec.gov), on the PB Bancorp, Inc. website (www.putnambank.com) or by directing a request to: Thomas A. BornerPresident and Chief Executive OfficerPB Bancorp, Inc.40 Main StreetPutnam, Connecticut 06260 The information available through PB Bancorp, Inc.'s website is not and shall not be deemed part of this press release or incorporated by reference into other filings that PB Bancorp, Inc. makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. PB Bancorp, Inc. and certain of its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of PB Bancorp, Inc. in connection with the merger. Information about the directors and executive officers of PB Bancorp, Inc. is set forth in PB Bancorp, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 29, 2019, and in the proxy statement for PB Bancorp, Inc.'s 2018 annual meeting of shareholders, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2018. Additional information regarding the interests of these participants and any other persons who may be deemed participants in the transaction may be obtained by reading the proxy statement regarding the proposed merger when it becomes available. Free copies of this document may be obtained as described in the preceding paragraph. Persons seeking additional information regarding the parties to the merger or the transaction may wish to visit the websites of each institution: Centreville Bank - www.centrevillebank.com Putnam Bank - www.putnambank.com SOURCE PB Bancorp, Inc. Related Links https://www.putnambank.com/

Extraction Oil & Gas, Inc. Announces Extension and Increase in its Stock Repurchase Program DENVER, April 01, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Extraction Oil & Gas, Inc. (NASDAQ: XOG) ( Extraction ) announced today that the board of directors of Extraction has approved an extension and increase in its ongoing stock repurchase program. The program was originally announced on November 18, 2018, under which Extraction was initially authorized to repurchase up to $100.0 million of its outstanding common stock from time to time in the open market, through negotiated transactions or otherwise. To date under the program, Extraction has repurchased approximately 13 million shares of its common stock for $63 million. Under the extended program, Extraction is authorized to repurchase an incremental $100 million in common stock from the date of the extension, bringing the total amount authorized to be repurchased to approximately $163 million. The program is expected to be funded through internally generated cash flow and ongoing asset sales. The extended stock repurchase program will expire December 31, 2019. Extraction intends to conduct any open market stock repurchase activities in compliance with the safe harbor provisions of Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included herein concerning, among other things, plans to repurchase common stock, the source of funds for any repurchases of common stock, and potential divestiture opportunities, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as "may," "expect," "estimate," "project," "plan," "believe," "intend," "achievable," "anticipate," "will," "continue," "potential," "should," "could," and similar terms and phrases. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events, and it is possible that the results described in this press release will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of our control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and, except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all such factors. When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in the Risk Factors section of our most recent Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our other public filings and press releases. These and other factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. About Extraction Oil & Gas, Inc. Denver-based Extraction Oil & Gas, Inc. is an independent energy exploration and development company focused on exploring, developing and producing crude oil, natural gas and NGLs primarily in the Wattenberg Field in the Denver-Julesburg Basin of Colorado.

Uxin Files Its Annual Report on Form 20-F BEIJING, May 12, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Uxin Limited ( Uxin or the Company ) (Nasdaq: UXIN), a leading national online used car dealer in China, today announced it filed its annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2020. The annual report can be accessed on the Company s investor relations website at http://ir.xin.com as well as the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov . The Company will provide a hard copy of its annual report containing the audited consolidated financial statements, free of charge, to its shareholders and ADS holders upon request. Requests should be directed to Investor Relations Department, Uxin Limited, 3/F, Tower E, LSHM Center, No. 8 Guangshun South Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100102, People s Republic of China. About Uxin Uxin Limited (Nasdaq: UXIN) is a leading national online used car dealer in China. Uxin s mission is to enable people to buy the car of their choice, no matter where they are located or what their budget is. Uxin enables consumers to buy used cars online through its innovative integrated online platform and offline service and fulfilment networks, which takes care of each step of the transaction process and covers the entire value chain. Its one-stop online shopping mall provides consumers with a nationwide selection of used cars and various value-added products and services as well as a full suite of offline supporting services to fulfill these online transactions. Its extensive service network is bolstered by its own sales force and over 1,100 service centers operated by third-party agents in over 250 prefecture-level cities throughout China. Its comprehensive fulfillment network supports nationwide logistics and delivery as well as title transfer between different cities across China. For investor and media enquiries, please contact: Nancy Song Uxin Investor Relations Tel: +86 10 5691-6765 Email: ir@xin.com

UroGen Pharma Announces Positive Interim Results from Pivotal Phase 3 OLYMPUS Trial of UGN-101 (MitoGel ) for Non-Surgical Treatment of Upper Tract Urothelial Cancer (UTUC) Interim Results Showed Complete Response (CR) Rate of 59 Percent in Patients with Low-Grade UTUC CRs to Date Remain Durable at Three, Six and Nine-Month Follow-Up RA ANANA, Israel and NEW YORK, May 21, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- UroGen Pharma Ltd. (Nasdaq:URGN), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatments to address unmet needs in the field of urology, with a focus on uro-oncology, today announced new findings from an interim analysis of the ongoing pivotal Phase 3 OLYMPUS clinical trial of UGN-101 (MitoGel ), an investigational mitomycin formulation for the non-surgical treatment of low-grade upper tract urothelial cancer (UTUC). Results were presented by Seth Paul Lerner, M.D., FACS, Principal Investigator of the OLYMPUS trial and Professor of Urology at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston in an oral presentation during the plenary session at the 113th American Urological Association s (AUA) Annual Meeting in San Francisco. The interim analysis from this international, multi-center trial showed a complete response (CR) rate of 59 percent in 34 patients who were evaluated for primary disease evaluation (PDE, or the primary endpoint). PDE is conducted four to six weeks after completion of UGN-101 treatment, which was administered once weekly for six weeks. Results showed that 20 of the interim analysis intent to treat population of 34 patients (59 percent) achieved a CR, defined as a negative ureteroscopic evaluation and a negative wash cytology. In addition, five of 34 patients (15 percent) achieved a partial response. Approximately 39 percent of tumors treated were categorized as unresectable by surgery at baseline. The CRs to date have been durable. Of the 20 patients who achieved a CR, 13 patients have reached three-month follow-up and all remain in CR. Four of these 13 patients have reached six-month follow-up and one of the 13 patients has reached nine-month follow-up. All remain in CR. UGN-101 appeared to be well-tolerated with most treatment-emergent adverse events characterized as mild or moderate and transient. These included urinary tract infection, flank pain, ureteral narrowing and hydronephrosis and time-limited creatinine elevation. These interim data from the OLYMPUS trial are promising and demonstrate the potential of UGN-101 to become the first drug ever approved for low-grade UTUC. We are pleased to see that the results to date from this trial improve upon the 44 percent complete response rate on an intent to treat basis observed in our similarly designed Compassionate Use program of UGN-101, said Mark Schoenberg, M.D., Chief Medical Officer of UroGen. Currently, the thousands of patients living with UTUC do not have many therapeutic options to manage their disease. With UGN-101, we hope to change the treatment paradigm for low-grade UTUC by potentially enabling the treatment of these tumors by non-surgical means, sparing patients from the risks and complications associated with repetitive surgical procedures and potential kidney removal. We are excited about the interim analysis from our pivotal Phase 3 trial of UGN-101 presented today. This is an important step toward our anticipated Q1 2019 submission of a New Drug Application to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, said Ron Bentsur, Chief Executive Officer of UroGen. This interim analysis also demonstrates the potential of our proprietary RTGel sustained release platform, which we believe has the potential to transform existing treatment paradigms across a number of urologic conditions. We look forward to continuing to advance our pipeline towards this end. The OLYMPUS trial continues to enroll patients, and top-line results are expected in the second half of 2018. Details of AUA Oral Presentation Abstract #: LBA-25 Session: Plenary, Next Frontier Title: Non-Surgical Management of Low-Grade Upper Tract Urothelial Cancer: An Interim Analysis of the International Multicenter OLYMPUS Trial Presenter: Seth Paul Lerner, M.D., FACS, Professor of Urology, Baylor College of Medicine Time: Monday, May 21, 2018, 10:40-10:50 AM PDT Location: MCC NORTH, Hall E, The Moscone Center About the Phase 3 OLYMPUS Trial OLYMPUS (Optimized DeLivery of Mitomycin for Primary UTUC Study) is a pivotal, open-label, single-arm Phase 3 clinical trial of UGN-101 (MitoGel ) to evaluate the safety, tolerability and tumor ablative effect of UGN-101 in patients with low-grade UTUC. The trial, designed to be a single pivotal study for the approval of UGN-101 in low-grade UTUC, is anticipated to enroll approximately 74 patients at clinical sites across the United States and Israel. Study participants are treated with six weekly instillations of UGN-101 administered via a standard catheter. Four to six weeks following the last instillation, patients undergo primary disease evaluation (PDE) to determine response, the primary endpoint of the study. PDE involves a ureteroscopy and wash cytology, a standard microscopic test of cells obtained from the urine to detect cancer. Patients who achieve a complete response at the PDE timepoint will be followed for up to 12 months to determine the durability of disease control with UGN-101. About Upper Tract Urothelial Cancer (UTUC) Upper tract urothelial cancer (UTUC) is a malignancy involving the lining of the ureters, renal pelvis and kidneys. In the United States, there are approximately 7,500 new cases of UTUC each year. Of these, about 2,500 cases are low-grade UTUC. Approximately 14,500 people are currently living with low-grade UTUC. The current standard of care for UTUC is complete or partial surgical removal of the involved kidney or ureter. For patients with a bilateral disease, an anatomic or functionally solitary kidney, medical comorbidities or low-grade disease who present with a limited number of tumors, a kidney-conserving alternative is considered, if possible. However, due to the specific anatomy and physiology of the upper urinary tract and renal pelvis, organ-sparing endoscopic resection and instillation of neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy is often challenging, leading to high rates of recurrence. Additionally, continuous urine flow, the inability of the upper urinary tract to retain a liquid volume under normal circumstances, and the effects of peristalsis, or muscle contraction, result in short exposure time of active agents in the target area. This leads to poor efficacy and limited use of standard therapeutic agents in the treatment of UTUC. About UGN-101 (MitoGel ) UGN-101 is an investigational drug formulation of mitomycin in Phase 3 development for the treatment of low-grade UTUC. Utilizing the RTGel technology platform, UroGen s proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based formulation, UGN-101 is designed to enable longer exposure of mitomycin C to the urinary tract tissue, thereby potentially enabling the treatment of tumors by non-surgical means. UGN-101 is delivered to patients using standard intravesical catheters. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has granted both Orphan Drug and Fast Track designations to UGN-101 for the treatment of low-grade UTUC. About UroGen Pharma Ltd. UroGen Pharma Ltd. (Nasdaq:URGN) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing advanced non-surgical treatments to address unmet needs in the field of urology, with a focus on uro-oncology. UroGen has developed RTGel , a proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based platform technology that has the potential to improve therapeutic profiles of existing drugs. UroGen s sustained release technology is designed to enable longer exposure of the urinary tract tissue to medications, making local therapy a potentially more effective treatment option. UroGen s lead product candidates, UGN-101 (MitoGel , also known as mitomycin urothelial gel) and UGN-102 (VesiGel , also known as mitomycin intravesical gel), are designed to potentially remove tumors by non-surgical means and to treat several forms of non-muscle invasive urothelial cancer, including low-grade upper tract urothelial carcinoma and bladder cancer, respectively. UroGen is headquartered in Ra anana, Israel with U.S. headquarters in New York. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including with respect to the timing and results of clinical development and commercial prospects of the product candidates in UroGen s pipeline, including UGN-101 (MitoGel ) and UGN-102 (VesiGel ), the scope and development of UroGen s product candidate pipeline, enrollment in the OLYMPUS trial, timing and expectations of results from the OLYMPUS trial, UroGen s expectations regarding its ability to fund its operations, and the ability of UroGen to become a leader in the field of uro-oncology, particularly in the treatment of low-grade UTUC, which statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to: the timing and success of clinical trials and potential complications thereof, including with respect to enrollment; the timing of and the ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval; interim data from the OLYMPUS trial not being indicative of future results; the labeling for any approved product; the scope, progress and expansion of developing and commercializing UroGen s product candidates; and the size and growth of the market(s) therefor and the rate and degree of market acceptance thereof vis- -vis alternative therapies. In light of these risks and uncertainties, and other risks and uncertainties that are described in the Risk Factors section of our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed with the SEC on March 15, 2018 and other filings that UroGen makes with the SEC from time to time (which are available at http://www.sec.gov), the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur, and UroGen s actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to UroGen as of the date of this release. UROGEN CONTACT: Kate Bechtold Director, Corporate Communications & Investor Relations KateB@urogen.com 914-552-0456

Randa Announces Offer to Acquire Perry Ellis International, Inc. NEW YORK, July 2, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Randa Accessories, the world's leading men's accessories company, announced today that it has made a non-binding proposal to acquire 100% of the outstanding common shares of Perry Ellis International, Inc. (NASDAQ: PERY) at a price of $28.00 per share. The proposal was made following the previously announced merger agreement between Perry Ellis and a newly formed entity controlled by its founder and director, George Feldenkreis, and represents $0.50 per share more than the consideration offered in that insider transaction. Jeffrey Spiegel, the Chief Executive Officer of Randa Accessories, said "Randa believes we are the right acquiror of Perry Ellis and that our compelling proposal provides shareholders with a superior alternative to the previously agreed insider transaction. We are excited by the opportunity to grow our portfolio of brands through the addition of globally recognizable names, such as Perry Ellis and Original Penguin. With our long, successful history as a licensee for, among others, Levi's, Dickies, Tommy Hilfiger, Chaps, Columbia Sportswear and Timberland, we believe we can continue and grow the relationships with Perry Ellis' inbound licensors for the benefit of all stakeholders in those relationships." Below is the text of the letter that was sent to the Board of Directors of Perry Ellis: RANDA ACCESSORIES LEATHER GOODS LLC417 Fifth Avenue, 11th FloorNew York, New York 10016 July 1, 2018 VIA ELECTRONIC MAILPerry Ellis International, Inc.3000 N.W. 107th AvenueMiami, Florida 33172Attention: Tricia Thompkins, General CounselJ. David Scheiner, Chairman of the Special CommitteeLadies and Gentlemen: We understand that Perry Ellis International, Inc. (the "Company") has entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 15, 2018 (the "Merger Agreement"), with its founder and director, George Feldenkreis, for all of the outstanding common shares of the Company not already beneficially owned by the Feldenkreis family at a price of $27.50 per share (the "Insider Transaction"). We have a tremendous amount of admiration for the Company. We believe that our position as the world's largest men's accessories company with significant cash on hand, no debt, key retail relationships around the world and more than 100 years of experience make us an ideal acquiror of the Company that can provide maximum value to its disinterested shareholders. As such, we are pleased to submit a proposal to acquire 100% of the outstanding common shares of the Company for $28.00 per share, $0.50 per share more than the consideration contemplated by the Insider Transaction. We believe that this all-cash proposal is compelling for your shareholders as it would deliver immediate, certain value to them that is superior to the value of the Insider Transaction. Additionally, an acquisition by Randa, an unaffiliated third-party, would not result in the distraction, added cost and complexity associated with the likely extended SEC review and shareholder litigation posed by the Insider Transaction. Moreover, we are highly confident the Company's licensors would welcome Randa as their licensee given its strong balance sheet, highly profitable operations and extensive experience in maximizing brand value. As you may know, Randa's business spans five continents, with a portfolio of more than 50 brands. Randa's products are made for the belts and furnishings, wallets and seasonal accessories, neckwear and jewelry, footwear, and luggage and travel markets. Randa owns numerous brands, including Countess Mara, Wembley, Travel Gear and Trafalgar, and licenses many global brands, including Levi's, Dickies, Tommy Hilfiger, Chaps, Columbia Sportswear and Timberland. Randa is keenly interested in growing its portfolio of owned and licensed brands ideally, by acquiring and licensing brands with global appeal. In Perry Ellis, Original Penguin, and others within the Company's portfolio, Randa sees brands with such potential. Randa has the resources and expertise to consummate the proposed transaction quickly, with limited disruption to the business of the Company. Further, Randa has significant experience in closing complex transactions, having completed numerous acquisitions over the past 20 years, including that of a publicly-traded company. Our offer is conditioned upon entering into a mutually acceptable definitive agreement and being afforded an opportunity to meet with the Company's inbound licensors to share the strategic value of the combined company, as well as the satisfactory completion of customary confirmatory due diligence, each of which we believe can be satisfied quickly and efficiently. By separate cover, we have provided you with a draft of a merger agreement in a form we would be prepared to execute, as well as bank commitment papers executed by our lenders, which, together with our cash on-hand, is sufficient to pay the proposed merger consideration and all expected transaction fees. We have retained Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP and Threadstone L.P. as our legal counsel and financial advisor, respectively, and we and our advisors are ready and willing to meet with you at your earliest convenience to discuss our compelling proposal and consummate a transaction. Our preference is to work with you to negotiate a mutually acceptable transaction and avoid unnecessary costs. We look forward to hearing from you. This letter does not constitute or create any legally binding or enforceable obligations on the part of Randa. Neither shall such obligations be created by parol evidence, oral understandings, "handshakes," or courses of conduct (regardless of reliance or change in position). Such obligations shall be created solely by the execution and delivery of a definitive agreement. Very truly yours,RANDA ACCESSORIES LEATHER GOODS LLC Jeffrey O. Spiegel,Chief Executive Officer Threadstone Partners LP is serving as financial advisor to Randa and Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP is serving as legal advisor. ABOUT RANDA Randa: Leading with AccessoriesRanda produces men's belts, small leather goods, neckwear, luggage, casual bags, jewelry, and seasonal accessories including footwear, hats, gloves, and gifts, bringing these to market through all channels of distribution, worldwide. More than the world's largest men's accessories company, Randa uses its scale and expertise to create and expand powerful brands, exceptional products and extraordinary shopping experiences. For more information: www.randa.net. SOURCE Randa Accessories Related Links http://www.randa.net

Lannett Announces FDA Approval Of NDA For Branded Anesthetic Product, Cocaine Hydrochloride Nasal Solution 4% Company to Commence Commercial Launch Shortly, Under Brand Name NUMBRINO PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 13, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Lannett Company, Inc. (NYSE: LCI) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the New Drug Application (NDA), submitted under the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, for Cocaine Hydrochloride (HCl) Nasal Solution 4% (40 mg/mL), the company's branded local anesthetic product. "The FDA's approval of our Cocaine HCl product, the first NDA approval to include full clinical trials in the company's history, marks a major milestone in Lannett's 70+ years of operations," said Tim Crew, chief executive officer of Lannett. "We believe the product has the potential to be an excellent option for the labeled indication. We expect to launch the product shortly, under the brand name NUMBRINO ." NUMBRINO (cocaine hydrochloride) nasal solution is an ester local anesthetic indicated for the introduction of local anesthesia of the mucous membranes for diagnostic procedures and surgeries on or through the nasal cavities of adults. The 505(b)(2) NDA submission was supported by two Phase III, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter studies in several hundred patients, as well as a Phase I pharmacokinetic study. About Lannett Company, Inc.:Lannett Company, founded in 1942, develops, manufactures, packages, markets and distributes generic pharmaceutical products for a wide range of medical indications. For more information, visit the company's website at www.lannett.com. This news release contains certain statements of a forward-looking nature relating to future events or future business performance. Any such statement, including, but not limited to, successfully commercializing NUMBRINO , whether expressed or implied, is subject to market and other conditions, and subject to risks and uncertainties which can cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors which include, but are not limited to, the risk factors discussed in the Company's Form 10-K and other documents filed with the SEC from time to time, including the prospectus supplement related to the proposed offering to be filed with the SEC. These forward-looking statements represent the Company's judgment as of the date of this news release. The Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Contact: Robert Jaffe Robert Jaffe Co., LLC (424) 288-4098 SOURCE Lannett Company, Inc. Related Links www.lannett.com

Energy Focus Announces 1-for-5 Reverse Stock Split SOLON, Ohio, June 09, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Energy Focus, Inc. (Nasdaq: EFOI), a leader in advanced LED lighting and lighting control technologies, today announced that the Company will effect a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of its common stock on June 11, 2020. The Company s common stock is expected to begin trading on a split-adjusted basis on The Nasdaq Capital Market at the market open on June 12, 2020. The reverse stock split is intended to increase the per share trading price of the Company s common stock to satisfy the $1.00 minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The reverse stock split was approved by the Company's stockholders at the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on December 17, 2019 to be affected at the Board s discretion within approved parameters. The specific ratio was subsequently approved by the Company's Board on June 2, 2020. As a result of the reverse stock split, every five pre-split shares of common stock outstanding will become one share of common stock. The reverse stock split reduces the number of shares of the Company s outstanding common stock from approximately 15.9 million shares to approximately 3.2 million shares, subject to adjustment due to the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares. The reverse stock split also applies to common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Company s outstanding warrants and stock options. No fractional shares will be issued in connection with the reverse stock split. Stockholders who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional shares will receive cash equal to the resulting fractional interest in one share of the Company s common stock to which the stockholder would otherwise be entitled, multiplied by the closing trading price of the Company s common stock on June 10, 2020 (as adjusted to give effect to the reverse stock split). Holders of the Company s common stock held in book-entry form or through a bank, broker or other nominee do not need to take any action in connection with the reverse stock split. Stockholders of record will be receiving information from Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., the Company s transfer agent, regarding their stock ownership post-split. All other questions can be directed to Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. at (800) 733-1121. Additional information about the reverse stock split will be available in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, which it expects to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on or about June 11, 2020. A copy of the report will be also available in the Investor Relations section of the Company s website at www.energyfocus.com . The trading symbol for the Company s common stock will remain EFOI. The new CUSIP number for the Company s common stock following the reverse stock split will be 29268T409. About Energy Focus: Energy Focus is an industry-leading innovator of sustainable LED lighting and lighting control technologies. As the creator of the first flicker-free LED products on the U.S. market, Energy Focus products provide extensive energy and maintenance savings, and aesthetics, safety, health and sustainability benefits over conventional lighting. Our patent-pending EnFocus lighting control platform enables existing and new buildings to provide quality, convenient and affordable dimmable and color tunable Human-Centric Lighting (HCL). Our customers include U.S. and foreign navies, U.S. federal, state and local governments, healthcare and educational institutions, as well as Fortune 500 companies. Since 2007, Energy Focus has installed approximately 900,000 lighting products across U.S. Navy fleet, including TLEDs, waterline security lights, explosion-proof globes and berth lights, saving more than five million gallons of fuel and 300,000 man-hours in lighting maintenance annually. Energy Focus is headquartered in Solon, Ohio. For more information, visit our website at www.energyfocus.com . Forward Looking Statements: Forward-looking statements in this release are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Generally, these statements can be identified by the use of words such as believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, seeks, projects, intends, plans, may, will, should, could, would and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts, including, without limitation, statements regarding the timing of the reverse stock split and the date on which we expect our common stock to begin trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on a split-adjusted basis. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Although we base these forward-looking statements on assumptions that we believe are reasonable when made, we caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future events and that actual results may differ materially from statements made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this release. We believe that important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) disruptions in the U.S. and global economy and business interruptions resulting from the recent coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) health pandemic outbreak and related stay-at-home orders, quarantine policies and restrictions on travel, trade and business operations; (ii) our need for additional financing in the near term to continue our operations; (iii) our liquidity and refinancing demands; (iv) our ability to obtain refinancing or extend maturing debt; (v) our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time; (vi) our ability to implement plans to increase sales and control expenses; (vii) our reliance on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue, and our ability to maintain or grow such sales levels; (viii) our ability to increase sales by adding new customers to reduce the reliance of our sales on a smaller group of customers, and the long sales-cycle that our product requires; (ix) our ability to increase demand in our targeted markets and to manage sales cycles that are difficult to predict and may span several quarters; (x) the timing of large customer orders, significant expenses and fluctuations between demand and capacity as we invest in growth opportunities; (xi) our ability to compete effectively against companies with lower cost structures or greater resources, or more rapid development efforts, and new competitors in our target markets; (xii) our ability to successfully scale our network of sales representatives, agents, and distributors to match the sales reach of larger, established competitors;(xiii) market acceptance of LED lighting technologies and products; (xiv) our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, and to do so in a timely manner; (xv) the impact of any type of legal inquiry, claim, or dispute; (xvi) general economic conditions in the United States and in other markets in which we operate or secure products; (xvii) our dependence on military maritime customers and on the levels of government funding available to such customers, as well as the funding resources of our other customers in the public sector and commercial markets; (xviii) the possible impact on our military maritime customers and their ability to honor the timing for existing orders or place future orders due to COVID-19 breakouts amongst personnel that might impact the use of ships in service; (xix) business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, natural disasters, including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires or from health epidemics or pandemics or other contagious outbreaks; (xx) our reliance on a limited number of third-party suppliers, our ability to obtain critical components and finished products from such suppliers on acceptable terms, and the impact of our fluctuating demand on the stability of such suppliers; (xxi) our ability to timely and efficiently transport products from our third-party suppliers to our facility by ocean marine channels; (xxii) our ability to respond to new lighting technologies and market trends, and fulfill our warranty obligations with safe and reliable products; (xxiii) any delays we may encounter in making new products available or fulfilling customer specifications; (xxiv) any flaws or defects in our products or in the manner in which they are used or installed; (xxv) our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and other confidential information, and manage infringement claims by others; (xxvi) our compliance with government contracting laws and regulations, through both direct and indirect sale channels, as well as other laws, such as those relating to the environment and health and safety; (xxvii) risks inherent in international markets, such as economic and political uncertainty, changing regulatory and tax requirements and currency fluctuations, including tariffs and other potential barriers to international trade; and (xxviii) our ability to remediate a significant deficiency, maintain effective internal controls and otherwise comply with our obligations as a public company and under Nasdaq listing standards. Investor Contact:

Kratos Receives $31.8 Million Sole Source Unmanned Aerial Target Drone Contract Award from United States Air Force SAN DIEGO, June 05, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq: KTOS), a leading National Security Solutions provider, announced today that its Unmanned Systems Division has received a $31,876,681 award for the Lot 15 option on a previously awarded Air Force Subscale Aerial Target (AFSAT) Lots 14-16 contract FA8678-18-C-0002. Kratos will provide an additional quantity of 35 AFSAT production target aircraft and the associated warranty. Work will be performed in Sacramento, California, and is expected to be complete by 31 May 2021. The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, is the contracting activity. The contract will be performed by the Kratos Unmanned Systems Division, comprised of Kratos Unmanned Aerial Systems, Inc. (KUAS) and Micro Systems, Inc. (MSI): KUAS, located in Sacramento, CA, will lead the effort and provide high performance aerial target drones and technical support. MSI, located in Ft. Walton Beach, FL, will supply the majority of the high performance avionics utilized on the target drone to include critical command / control and flight computer systems. Kratos target drone systems are used by U.S. and allied militaries around the globe as high fidelity enemy threat surrogates, simulating performance characteristics of certain threat aircraft and missiles, for weapons testing, development, and training requirements. Kratos is a leading provider of high performance unmanned aerial drone and target systems, unmanned aerial, ground and sea platforms, command, control, avionics control, and termination systems. Steve Fendley, President of Kratos Unmanned Systems Division, said, With our business now heavily weighted in rate production of several models of our jet drone aircraft, the AFSAT BQM-167A begins its 15th production lot. This milestone represents an exciting achievement for the company as the BQM-167A provided the original business foundation for our now, many systems across our unmanned jet target and tactical portfolio. Kratos is proud to provide the United States Air Force the highest performance Unmanned Aerial Target Drones in the world for their Mission Critical Requirements. Our USAF customer is one of our most demanding, and we are honored to be the provider of these mission critical systems. We look forward to continuing to evolve the BQM-167A for the ever evolving threats and supporting the USAF well into the future. "Cleared/Approved for Public Release on 29 May 2019. Case Number: 96TW-2019-0201" About Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTOS) develops and fields transformative, affordable technology, platforms and systems for United States National Security related customers, allies and commercial enterprises. Kratos is changing the way breakthrough technology for these industries are rapidly brought to market through proven commercial and venture capital backed approaches, including proactive research and streamlined development processes. Kratos specializes in unmanned systems, satellite communications, cyber security/warfare, microwave electronics, missile defense, hypersonic systems, training, combat systems and next generation turbo jet and turbo fan engine development. For more information go to www.KratosDefense.com . Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of Kratos and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Kratos undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although Kratos believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements involve many risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from what may be expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. For a further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the business of Kratos in general, see the risk disclosures in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kratos for the year ended December 30, 2018, and in subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and other filings made with the SEC by Kratos. Press Contact: Yolanda White 858-812-7302 Direct Investor Information: 877-934-4687 investor@kratosdefense.com

Onxeo Reports Its Financial Results for the First Half of 2020 and Provides an Update on Its Activities The cash position of 19.6 million, which was strengthened in the first half of the year by two strategic transactions, provides financial visibility into Q1 2022 Patient inclusion process has started in the Phase 1b/2 REVOCAN study evaluating the effect of AsiDNA on resistance to niraparib and preliminary results are expected in early 2021 Topline results of the AsiDNA DRIIV 1b study in combination with chemotherapy are expected in late 2020/early 2021 Invus, new reference shareholder, has been coopted as a director of the Company. PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Onxeo S.A. (Euronext Paris, NASDAQ Copenhagen: ONXEO), ( Onxeo or the Company ), a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting tumor DNA Damage response (DDR), in particular against rare or resistant cancers, today reported its consolidated financial results for the six months ended June 30, 2020, and provided an update on its activities. Judith Greciet, CEO of Onxeo, said: The first half of 2020 has truly been extraordinary, with a pandemic that has directly or indirectly impacted the lives of every one of us. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our employees who have been able to adapt to this unprecedented context and whose mobilization and team spirit have made it possible to achieve an exceptional first half of the year in terms of preclinical and clinical development as well as financial performance. We are delighted that AsiDNA 's development is gaining momentum and that we are progressively moving closer to our strategic objectives: to finalize the DRIIV-1b study to confirm AsiDNA 's interest in combination with DNA breakers and to demonstrate AsiDNA 's ability to abrogate the acquired resistance of tumors to certain targeted therapies. Indeed, while the efficacy of cancer treatments is increasingly improving, resistance is a real problem in the short and medium term and delaying or even preventing its emergence represents one of the major challenges in oncology today. This is the objective of Revocan, a phase 1b/2 study set up with Gustave Roussy, in which AsiDNA is being tested in patients with relapsed ovarian cancer showing signs of acquired resistance to niraparib treatment. The patient inclusion process in this study has started and, in accordance with our road map, we expect preliminary results as early as the first quarter of 2021. It is also important to note that, despite the highly uncertain environment in the financial markets, we have considerably strengthened Onxeo's financial position with two major strategic transactions. In April, we received 6 million from our US partner Acrotech in consideration for the grant of additional exclusive rights to belinostat, and in early June, we completed a 7.3 million private placement with Financi re de la Montagne, our historical shareholder, and Invus, a strategic international investor. In addition to reinforcing the financial visibility until the first quarter of 2022, well beyond the expected key clinical results, this operation has brought into the capital, with a seat on the Board of Directors, a second reference investor who is able to support the company's growth strategy over the long term. Thus, the impact of Covid-19 on our activities remains limited to date and we remain fully mobilized to deliver tangible results and confirm the value of our assets". FINANCIAL RESULTS1 OF THE 1st HALF-YEAR 2020 Revenues for the first half of 2020 amounted to 1.1 million euros and consisted mainly of direct sales of Beleodaq under the European Controlled Access Program (NPP), transferred to the partner Acrotech Biopharma as part of the agreement signed in early April, and to royalties on sales of Beleodaq in the United States by Acrotech, used in full to repay the bond loan from SWK Holdings. These revenues have been recognized up to the date of the agreement signed with Acrotech, which explains the decrease compared to the recurring revenues of EUR 1.4 million recorded in H1 2019. Operating expenses amounted to EUR 5.5 million in H1 2020, a significant decrease compared to the expenses recognized in H1 2019. This change is mainly due to completion in 2019 of industrial activities for clinical trial purposes relating to AsiDNA . The agreement concluded with Acrotech Biopharma on April 6, 2020 was analyzed under IFRS as a disposal of belinostat-related assets. This led to the recognition of the following items in other operating income and expenses (non-current): - A net income of 5,686 thousand euros corresponding to the transaction price of 6,116 thousand euro less the amount of future belinostat development costs to be borne by Onxeo estimated at 430 thousand euros. - An expense of 2,769 thousand euros corresponding to the net carrying amount of Beleodaq /belinostat-related R&D assets. - In the context of the bond loan from SWK, an income of 7,171 thousand euros corresponding to the estimated royalties still to be received from the initial license2 as of the date of signature of the new agreement with Acrotech. These royalties will be entirely allocated to the repayment of the balance of the bond loan. Although this future income is booked upfront in accordance with IFRS, the interest expense relating to the bond loan from SWK will continue to be booked on an annual basis. After taking into account the financial result and a tax related to the transaction with Acrotech, Onxeo reported a net profit of 5 million for the first half of 2020, compared to a loss of 8.5 million in 2019. Consolidated income statement (IFRS) In thousands of euros 06/30/2020 06/30/2019 Revenues, including: Recurring revenues Non-recurring revenues 1,082 1,076 6 1,703 1,425 278 Operating expenses (5,067) (8,637) Other current operating income 34 - Current operating income (3,951) (6,934) Other non-current operating income and expenses 10,040 - Share of profit (loss) of companies accounted for by the equity method - (28) Operating profit after equity method income (loss) 6,089 (6,962) Financial result (224) (1 550) Pre-tax income 5,065 (8,512) Income tax (823) 2 Net income 5,042 (8,510) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2020 At June 30, 2020, the Company had consolidated cash and cash equivalents of 19.6 million euros, compared to 5.7 million euros at December 31, 2019. This strong increase is mainly due to the financing implemented during the six-month period through private placement and equity line, which provided Onxeo with net proceeds of EUR 10.5 million, as well as the agreement with Acrotech Biopharma for a net amount of EUR 5.1 million after payment of the share to SpePharm. These cash inflows added to the receipt of the 2019 research tax credit for an amount of 1.4 million euros and to license revenues and direct sales under the NPP program for 3 million euros have allowed the absorption of operating expenses. On the basis of its development plan, Onxeo has sufficient financial visibility to carry out its projects beyond the next key milestones until the first quarter of 2022. HIGHLIGHTS OF THE 1st HALF-YEAR 2020, RECENT DEVELOPMENTS AND OUTLOOK AsiDNA - In January 2020, Onxeo entered into a clinical research agreement with Gustave Roussy to conduct REVOCAN, a Phase 1b/2 clinical trial of AsiDNA in the treatment of relapsing ovarian cancer. This study, which is sponsored by Gustave Roussy, is designed to evaluate the effect of AsiDNA on acquired resistance to the PARP inhibitor niraparib (PARPi) in the maintenance treatment of relapsing second-line ovarian cancer. - In May 2020, the REVOCAN Phase 1b/2 study evaluating the effect of AsiDNA on resistance to niraparib, a PARP inhibitor, in relapsed ovarian cancer received approval from the French National Agency for the Safety of Medicines and Health Products (ANSM) and the Committee for the Protection of Persons (CPP). - At the AACR (American Association for Cancer Research) Annual Meeting held virtually from June 22-24, 2020, Onxeo presented the results of pre-clinical studies supporting the ability of AsiDNA to reverse PARPi resistance by preventing the regrowth of persistent cells. These results are extremely encouraging for the progress of the REVOCAN study and clearly reinforce AsiDNA 's interest in the fight against resistance. - On August 25, 2020, the final results of DRIIV, dose-escalation study of AsiDNA via intravenous (IV) route, were published in the British Journal of Cancer. This study demonstrated the activity and optimal dose for AsiDNA IV in combination. Enrollment of the last two patients in the DRIIV-1b extension study, which is analyzing the combination of AsiDNA with chemotherapy in patients with advanced solid tumors, is ongoing and topline results are expected in late 2020/early 2021. - On September 3, 2020, Onxeo received a Notice of Intent from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for a new patent strengthening the protection of AsiDNA and its related compounds by systemic administration in the treatment of triple negative breast cancer and chemoresistant lung cancer, alone or in combination with chemotherapy, radiotherapy or other agents that damage tumor DNA. It will be valid in the United States until 2037. OX401 - In late January 2020, Onxeo presented to the scientific community OX401, a next-generation PARP agonist sourced from its proprietary decoy agonist platform, platON , at the PARP & DDR Inhibitors Summit 2020 in Boston, USA. - In February 2020, Onxeo announced the acceptance of a poster presentation of OX401 at the ESMO-TAT 2020 congress, which is dedicated to research on targeted cancer therapies. - In June 2020, Onxeo preclinically confirmed the profile of OX401. Through its action on PARP and the activation of an anti-tumor immune response via the cGAS-STING pathway, OX401 demonstrated in vivo a higher potency of activity than current PARP inhibitors, as evidenced by complete control of tumor growth. - The next key preclinical milestone will be the study combining OX401 with immune checkpoint inhibitors. For this phase, Onxeo benefits from the expertise accumulated during the development of AsiDNA and has thus obtained in a few months an optimized compound, which is ready to enter the final stages of pre-clinical validation. These translational studies will allow Onxeo to best prepare the compound for entry into the clinic, which could take place within 18 to 24 months. FINANCING & CORPORATE - In February 2020, Onxeo announced that it had reached an out-of-court settlement agreement with SpePharm and SpeBio. As part of this agreement, Onxeo sold its shares in SpeBio to SpePharm at their nominal value, thereby transferring its share of the joint venture's cash to SpePharm for an amount of approximately 3.5 million euros. In addition, Onxeo is required to pay 15 to 20% of the net amounts to be received under future commercial agreements relating to Onxeo's R&D assets, for a total cumulative amount of 6 million euros within 4 years. - On April 6, 2020, Onxeo entered into exclusive agreements with Acrotech Biopharma LLC to extend Acrotech's rights to belinostat to all countries not covered by the previous agreement between Onxeo and Acrotech. In consideration, Onxeo received a payment of $6.6 million (6 million euros) from Acrotech, of which $0.9 million is allocated to the aforementioned settlement agreement. Onxeo will continue to receive from Acrotech the royalties and milestone payments relating to belinostat in the United States for an amount equivalent to the outstanding loan and interest due to SWK Holding. Beyond that, belinostat will no longer generate additional revenues and is therefore no longer considered a strategic product for the Company. - On May 27, 2020, the investment bank Bryan Garnier & Co initiated Onxeo's coverage with a buy recommendation. - On June 9, 2020, Onxeo completed a private placement for a total amount of approximately 7.3 million with a new investor, Invus Public Equities LP, and its historical shareholder, Financi re de la Montagne. - On July 29, 2020, the Company announced the transfer of the listing of Onxeo shares from the regulated market Euronext Paris (compartment C) to the multilateral trading facility Euronext Growth Paris. This transfer is intended to enable Onxeo to be listed on a market which is more appropriate to the Company s size and its market capitalization and will be effective at the earliest on October 31, 2020 . GOVERNANCE - At its meeting on September 17, 2020, the Board of Directors of Onxeo co-opted Mr. Julien Miara, representing Invus Public Equities LP, as a director of the Company, to replace Mr. Jean-Pierre Kinet who resigned. The Board warmly thanks Mr. Kinet for his significant contribution to its work since 2016. This cooptation of Mr. Miara follows his appointment as observer to the Board of Directors on June 2, 2020 and will be submitted to the shareholders for approval at the Company's next ordinary general meeting. The Board of Directors is currently composed of 7 members, 4 men and 3 women, including 4 independent members. COVID-19 PANDEMIC CONTEXT - As of March 12, 2020, the Company has implemented appropriate measures to ensure the safety of its employees and the continuity of its operations within the framework of the rules imposed by French health and government authorities. At the date of publication of this press release, the impact of the pandemic is limited on the Company's planned or ongoing activities. The situation is being closely monitored by Onxeo's management and will be reassessed and adjusted as the health situation evolves. The 2020 half-yearly financial report will be available to the public on the Company s website. About Onxeo Onxeo (Euronext Paris, NASDAQ Copenhagen: ONXEO) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing innovative oncology drugs targeting tumor DNA-binding functions through unique mechanisms of action in the sought-after field of DNA Damage Response (DDR). The Company is focused on bringing early-stage first-in-class or disruptive compounds from translational research to clinical proof-of-concept, a value-creating inflection point appealing to potential partners. platON is Onxeo s proprietary chemistry platform of oligonucleotides acting as decoy agonists, which generates new innovative compounds and broaden the Company s product pipeline. AsiDNA , the first compound from platON , is a first-in-class, highly differentiated DNA Damage Response (DDR) inhibitor based on a decoy and agonist mechanism acting upstream of multiple DDR pathways. Translational research has highlighted the distinctive properties of AsiDNA , notably its ability to abrogate tumor resistance to PARP inhibitors regardless of the genetic mutation status. AsiDNA has also shown a strong synergy with other tumor DNA-damaging agents such as chemotherapy and PARP inhibitors. The DRIIV-1 (DNA Repair Inhibitor-administered IntraVenously) phase I study has evaluated AsiDNA by systemic administration (IV) in advanced solid tumors and confirmed the active doses as well as a favorable human safety profile. The ongoing DRIIV-1b extension study is assessing the safety and efficacy of a 600 mg dose of AsiDNA in combination with carboplatin and then with carboplatin and paclitaxel, in patients with solid tumors who are eligible for such treatments. Preliminary results from the first cohort with carboplatin alone showed good tolerability, stabilization of the disease and an increase in the duration of treatment compared to previous treatments. OX401 is a new drug candidate from platON , optimized to be a next-generation PARP inhibitor acting on both the DNA Damage Response and the activation of immune response, without inducing resistance. OX401 is undergoing preclinical proof-of-concept studies, alone and in combination with immunotherapies. For further information, please visit www.onxeo.com. Forward looking statements This communication expressly or implicitly contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Onxeo and its business. Such statements involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause the actual results, financial condition, performance or achievements of Onxeo to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Onxeo is providing this communication as of this date and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements contained herein as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results, financial condition, performance or achievements of Onxeo to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, please refer to chapter 3 Risk Factors ("Facteurs de Risque") of the Company s universal registration document filed with the Autorit des march s financiers on April 27, 2020 under number D.20-0362, which is available on the websites of the Autorit des march s financiers (www.amf-france.org) an the Company (www.onxeo.com). 1 Limited review procedures have been performed on the interim financial statements. The review report was issued after the completion of the procedures required for the publication of the interim financial report. 2 In March 2019, Acrotech acquired from Spectrum Pharmaceuticals (SPPI) the license to belinostat for certain territories, including the United States, Canada, Mexico, and India. The new agreement grants Acrotech a royalty-free license to belinostat in all other territories.

McDermott Announces Contracts for Pan Malaysia Field Development McDermott was awarded two contracts for Malaysian offshore projects Work consists of transportation and installation of offshore structures, pipelines and pre commissioning work Awards mark McDermott's first contracts in Malaysia since relocating Asia Pacific headquarters to Kuala Lumpur HOUSTON, Feb. 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- McDermott International, Inc. (NYSE: MDR) today announced two sizeable* contracts, one from Sarawak Shell Berhad (SSB) and one from Sapura Exploration and Production (SEP), to provide transportation and installation of offshore structures, pipelines and pre-commissioning work for the Pan Malaysia field development located off the shore of Sarawak, Malaysia. McDermott's scope of work for SSB includes the transportation and installation of jackets, topsides and pipelines for the Gorek gas field. The company's scope of work for SEP includes the transportation and installation of jackets, topsides and pipelines for the Larak and Bakong gas fields. McDermott will also fabricate risers and spools for SSB and SEP. "These two contracts give McDermott the opportunity to strengthen our long-standing relationship with Sarawak Shell Berhad and develop a new relationship with Sapura Exploration and Production," said Ian Prescott, McDermott's Senior Vice President for Asia Pacific. "They also provide an excellent opportunity for McDermott to execute offshore projects in Malaysia using many of the company's assets, from our highly-skilled and talented workforce to our marine assets and our global fabrication expertise." McDermott is scheduled to use its installation vessel, the Malaysian-registered Derrick Barge 30, for these jobs. The project management team will be based in Kuala Lumpur using the maximum Malaysian workforce to meet the local content requirement. Fabrication of the risers and spools is scheduled to be performed at McDermott's global execution center in Batam, Indonesia. The offshore campaign is expected to begin in Q2 2019. The awards mark McDermott's first contracts in Malaysia since relocating the regional headquarters to Kuala Lumpur. McDermott has since increased its local workforce from 90 to nearly 700 employees. "We have grown significantly in a relatively short space of time. Our Kuala Lumpur office is one of the company's centers of excellence supporting our global projects. This gives our local employees excellent development and growth opportunities. We are extremely pleased to secure the Pan Malaysia field development work which enables us to support the growth of the Malaysian oil and gas sector and the country," said Prescott. McDermott is continuing its hiring process in Malaysia to meet the growing business prospects in the region and its recent combination with CB&I that opens up onshore petrochemical business opportunities in addition to its offshore business portfolio. The Pan Malaysia contracts will be reflected in McDermott's first quarter 2019 backlog. * McDermott defines a sizable contract as between USD $1 million and USD $50 million. About McDermott McDermott is a premier, fully integrated provider of technology, engineering and construction solutions to the energy industry. For more than a century, customers have trusted McDermott to design and build end-to-end infrastructure and technology solutions to transport and transform oil and gas into the products the world needs today. Our proprietary technologies, integrated expertise and comprehensive solutions deliver certainty, innovation and added value to energy projects around the world. Customers rely on McDermott to deliver certainty to the most complex projects, from concept to commissioning. It is called the "One McDermott Way." Operating in over 54 countries, McDermott's locally focused and globally-integrated resources include approximately 40,000 employees, a diversified fleet of specialty marine construction vessels and fabrication facilities around the world. As used in this press release, McDermott includes McDermott International, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. To learn more, visit www.mcdermott.com. Forward-Looking Statements In accordance with the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, McDermott cautions that statements in this press release which are forward-looking, and provide other than historical information, involve risks, contingencies and uncertainties that may impact McDermott's actual results of operations. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about backlog, to the extent backlog may be viewed as an indicator of future revenues or profitability, and statements about the expected scope, execution, value and timing of the projects discussed in this press release. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in those forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that those expectations will prove to have been correct. Those statements are made by using various underlying assumptions and are subject to numerous risks, contingencies and uncertainties, including, among others: adverse changes in the markets in which we operate or credit markets, our inability to successfully execute on contracts in backlog, changes in project design or schedules, the availability of qualified personnel, changes in the terms, scope or timing of contracts, contract cancellations, change orders and other modifications and actions by our customers and other business counterparties, changes in industry norms and adverse outcomes in legal or other dispute resolution proceedings. If one or more of these risks materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. For a more complete discussion of these and other risk factors, please see McDermott's annual and quarterly filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. This press release reflects management's views as of the date hereof. Except to the extent required by applicable law, McDermott undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. Contacts: Investor Relations Scott LambVice President, Investor Relations+1 832 513 1068[email protected] Global Media RelationsGentry BrannGlobal Vice President, Communications+1 281 870 5269 [email protected] Asia Pacific Media ContactPhilip NgManager, Communications+60 17 200 4238 [email protected] SOURCE McDermott International, Inc. Related Links https://www.mcdermott.com/

Allison Transmission Announces Stock Purchase Agreement with Ashe Capital, a $1 Billion Increase to the Stock Repurchase Authorization and Declares Quarterly Dividend INDIANAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Allison Transmission Holdings Inc. (NYSE: ALSN), the largest global provider of commercial duty fully-automatic transmissions, today announced that it has repurchased 4,977,043 shares of the Company s common stock from Ashe Capital Management, LP ( Ashe Capital ) for $46.70 per share, or a total purchase price of approximately $232 million, representing a purchase price equal to the May 6, 2019 closing price pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement with Ashe Capital dated May 7, 2019. The transaction closed on May 9, 2019. Following the closing of the transaction, Ashe Capital owns approximately 4.1% of the Company s common stock and William R. Harker has resigned as a member of the Board of Directors ( Board ), effectively immediately. We have had a constructive relationship with the management team since we first invested in the Company in October 2013, and I have appreciated the opportunity to further build that relationship and contribute to the Company s success as a board member these last two years, said Mr. Harker. Allison remains a key holding within our portfolio and we wish management continued success. Lawrence E. Dewey, Chairman of the Board stated, We would like to thank Mr. Harker and Ashe Capital for their contributions over the years. During his tenure, Bill has engaged in thoughtful discussion about our business and played a valuable role on the Board. Ashe Capital remains a top shareholder and we truly appreciate their continued commitment to the Company. Stock Repurchase Authorization The Company also announced that its Board has approved a new authorization under the Company s current stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to an additional $1 billion. The new authorization brings the total amount authorized under the program to $3 billion. Repurchases under the program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, with the amount and timing of repurchases depending on market conditions and corporate needs. Open market repurchases will be structured to occur within the pricing and volume requirements of Rule 10b-18. The Company may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b5-1 plans to facilitate repurchases of its shares under this authorization. This stock repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its common stock and the program may be extended, modified, suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company's discretion. Dividend Finally, the Company s Board declared a cash dividend today of $0.15 per share of the Company s common stock for the second quarter of 2019. Payment will be made on May 31, 2019, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on May 20, 2019. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of the board of directors and will be dependent upon Allison Transmission's financial position, results of operations, available cash, cash flow, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the board of directors. About Allison Transmission Allison Transmission (NYSE: ALSN) is the world's largest manufacturer of fully automatic transmissions for medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles and is a leader in hybrid-propulsion systems for city buses. Allison transmissions are used in a variety of applications including refuse, construction, fire, distribution, bus, motorhomes, defense and energy. Founded in 1915, the company is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA and employs approximately 2,900 people worldwide. With a market presence in more than 80 countries, Allison has regional headquarters in the Netherlands, China and Brazil, with manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Hungary and India. Allison also has approximately 1,400 independent distributor and dealer locations worldwide. For more information, visit www.allisontransmission.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this press release are forward-looking statements, including all statements regarding future financial results. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "expect," "plans," "project," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "intend," "forecast," "could," "potential," "continue" or the negative of these terms or other similar terms or phrases. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks. Factors which may cause the actual results to differ materially from those anticipated at the time the forward-looking statements are made include, but are not limited to: our participation in markets that are competitive; the highly cyclical industries in which certain of our end users operate; uncertainty in the global regulatory and business environments in which we operate; our ability to prepare for, respond to and successfully achieve our objectives relating to technological and market developments, competitive threats and changing customer needs; the concentration of our net sales in our top five customers and the loss of any one of these; the failure of markets outside North America to increase adoption of fully-automatic transmissions; the success of our research and development efforts, the outcome of which is uncertain; our failure to identify, consummate or effectively integrate acquisitions; U.S. and foreign defense spending; general economic and industry conditions; increases in cost, disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials or components used in our products; the discovery of defects in our products, resulting in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns and/or increased warranty costs and reduction in future sales or damage to our brand and reputation; risks associated with our international operations, including increased trade protectionism; labor strikes, work stoppages or similar labor disputes, which could significantly disrupt our operations or those of our principal customers; risks related to our substantial indebtedness; our intention to pay dividends and repurchase shares of our common stock and other risks and uncertainties associated with our business described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Although we believe the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that the expectations will be attained or that any deviation will not be material. All information is as of the date of this press release, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to conform the statement to actual results or changes in expectations.

Ansys Announces Q2 Financial Results With Q2 Record Revenue, ACV and Operating Cash Flow Nasdaq:ANSS Company Initiates Q3 2020 Outlook Increases Guidance to Reflect Currency Changes, Improved Cash Flow and Q2 EPS Overachievement Details related to our financial guidance, including assumptions and economic impacts of COVID-19, are detailed in our prepared remarks document. Key Highlights - Q2 2020 GAAP revenue of $385.7 million and non-GAAP revenue of $389.7 million GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.11 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.55 GAAP operating profit margin of 29.3% and non-GAAP operating profit margin of 42.9% Operating cash flows of $131.6 million Deferred revenue and backlog of $846.5 million at June 30, 2020 PITTSBURGH, Aug. 05, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ANSYS, Inc. (NASDAQ: ANSS), today reported second quarter 2020 GAAP and non-GAAP revenue growth of 5% in reported currency, or 5% and 6%, respectively, in constant currency. For the second quarter of 2020, the Company reported earnings per share of $1.11 and $1.55 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, respectively, compared to $1.28 and $1.61 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, respectively, for the second quarter of 2019. Q2 was a very strong quarter for Ansys, with revenue, operating margins and earnings exceeding the high end of our financial guidance. I m excited that during the quarter we closed both the largest deal in our 50-year history as well as our largest sales agreement for new business. These results demonstrate the strength and resilience of our business and give us confidence for the future, said Ajei Gopal, Ansys president and CEO. Gopal further stated, Our recent launch of Ansys 2020 Release 2 delivers enhanced functionality across the simulation portfolio to help customers generate larger, more complex designs easier and faster than ever. And we recently hosted Simulation World, the largest virtual simulation event ever held, to build excitement for those world-class products. Our continued focus and ability to adjust our execution against the real-time operating realities of the current business environment yielded strong financial results. These reflect the resiliency of both our business model and our team. Our stronger than expected revenue performance drove operating margins and earnings that were also above the high end of our guidance. Our financial results included growth in both ACV and operating cash flows, while 83% of ACV was from recurring sources in the second quarter. We also reported a record second quarter balance of deferred revenue and backlog of $846 million, an increase of 18% over the second quarter of 2019. While we continue to plan for a challenging market environment in the near term, we remain confident that Ansys is very well positioned with a combination of a strong balance sheet, cash flow from operations and ample liquidity for our ongoing operations and to support future growth aspirations. As we look ahead into the second half of the year, we will continue to balance fiscal discipline with the need to continue to invest in our business to maintain our leadership and to pursue our strategy of making simulation pervasive," stated Maria Shields, chief financial officer of Ansys. Financial Results Ansys' second quarter and YTD 2020 and 2019 financial results are presented below. The 2020 and 2019 non-GAAP results exclude the income statement effects of the acquisition accounting adjustments to deferred revenue, stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangible assets, transaction expenses related to business combinations, and adjustments related to the transition tax associated with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. GAAP and non-GAAP results are as follows: GAAP Non-GAAP (in millions, except percentages and per share data) Q2 QTD 2020 Q2 QTD 2019 % Change Q2 QTD 2020 Q2 QTD 2019 % Change Revenue $ 385.7 $ 368.6 5 % $ 389.7 $ 370.5 5 % Net income $ 96.6 $ 109.8 (12 ) % $ 134.3 $ 137.9 (3 ) % Diluted earnings per share $ 1.11 $ 1.28 (13 ) % $ 1.55 $ 1.61 (4 ) % Operating profit margin 29.3 % 34.9 % 42.9 % 45.6 % GAAP Non-GAAP (in millions, except percentages and per share data) Q2 YTD 2020 Q2 YTD 2019 % Change Q2 YTD 2020 Q2 YTD 2019 % Change Revenue $ 690.6 $ 685.8 1 % $ 698.6 $ 690.4 1 % Net income $ 142.6 $ 196.0 (27 ) % $ 206.6 $ 248.6 (17 ) % Diluted earnings per share $ 1.64 $ 2.29 (28 ) % $ 2.37 $ 2.91 (19 ) % Operating profit margin 21.3 % 32.7 % 36.9 % 44.3 % The non-GAAP financial results highlighted above, and the non-GAAP financial outlook for 2020 discussed below, represent non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these measures to the appropriate GAAP measures, for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, and for the 2020 financial outlook, can be found in the condensed financial information included in this release. Other Financial Metrics (in millions, except percentages) Q2 QTD 2020 Q2 QTD 2019 % Change % Change in Constant Currency Annual Contract Value (ACV) $ 344.4 $ 326.1 6 % 6 % Operating cash flows $ 131.6 $ 88.5 49 % (in millions, except percentages) Q2 YTD 2020 Q2 YTD 2019 % Change % Change in Constant Currency ACV $ 645.5 $ 629.6 3 % 3 % Operating cash flows $ 279.0 $ 240.1 16 % ACV is a metric the Company uses to better understand the business. There is no GAAP measure comparable to ACV. ACV is composed of the following: the annualized value of maintenance and lease contracts with start dates or anniversary dates during the period, plus the value of perpetual license contracts with start dates during the period, plus the annualized value of fixed-term services contracts with start dates or anniversary dates during the period, plus the value of work performed during the period on fixed-deliverable services contracts. Management's 2020 Financial Outlook The Company's third quarter and fiscal year 2020 revenue and diluted earnings per share guidance is provided below. The Company is also providing its fiscal year 2020 guidance for ACV and operating cash flows. The revenue and diluted earnings per share guidance is provided on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Non-GAAP financial measures exclude the income statement effects of acquisition adjustments to deferred revenue, stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related transaction expenses. The financial guidance below reflects the Company's current estimates of the adverse impacts of the global pandemic. This guidance is based on certain assumptions made by the Company and the Company's evaluation of factual information it has determined to be relevant. Additional details related to the Company's financial guidance, including assumptions and economic impacts of COVID-19, are detailed in its prepared remarks document. Third Quarter 2020 Guidance The Company currently expects the following for the quarter ending September 30, 2020: (in millions, except per share data) GAAP Non-GAAP Revenue $344.9 - $374.9 $347.0 - $377.0 Diluted earnings per share $0.61 - $0.90 $1.10 - $1.34 Fiscal Year 2020 Guidance The Company currently expects the following for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020: (in millions, except per share data) GAAP Non-GAAP Revenue $1,558.7 - $1,633.7 $1,570.0 - $1,645.0 Diluted earnings per share $4.01 - $4.70 $5.75 - $6.35 In the third quarter and fiscal year 2020 guidance reflected above, the expected impacts of non-GAAP adjustments associated with the acquisition accounting for deferred revenue are $2.1 million and $11.3 million, respectively. (in millions) Other Financial Metrics ACV $1,520.0 - $1,585.0 Operating cash flows $435.0 - $475.0 Conference Call Information Ansys will hold a conference call at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time on August 6, 2020 to discuss second quarter results. The Company will provide its prepared remarks on the Company s investor relations homepage and as an exhibit in its Form 8-K in advance of the call to provide stockholders and analysts with additional time and detail for analyzing its results in preparation for the conference call. The prepared remarks will not be read on the call, and only brief remarks will be made prior to the Q&A session. The Company will also post a complementary investor presentation titled "Q2 2020 Investor Presentation" that can be accessed by clicking Events & Presentations, then Presentations at https://investors.ansys.com. To participate in the live conference call, dial 855-239-2942 (US) or 412-542-4124 (Canada & Int l). The call will be recorded and a replay will be available within two hours after the call. The replay will be available by dialing (877) 344-7529 (US), (855) 669-9658 (Canada) or (412) 317-0088 (Int l) and entering the passcode 10146121. The archived webcast can be accessed, along with other financial information, on Ansys' website at https://investors.ansys.com/events-and-presentations/events-calendar. ANSYS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) (in thousands) June 30, 2020 December 31, 2019 ASSETS: Cash & short-term investments $ 744,979 $ 872,382 Accounts receivable, net 343,247 433,479 Goodwill 2,474,299 2,413,280 Other intangibles, net 481,694 476,711 Other assets 627,647 643,035 Total assets $ 4,671,866 $ 4,838,887 LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: Current deferred revenue $ 325,098 $ 351,353 Long-term debt 423,683 423,531 Other liabilities 485,037 610,624 Stockholders' equity 3,438,048 3,453,379 Total liabilities & stockholders' equity $ 4,671,866 $ 4,838,887 ANSYS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended (in thousands, except per share data) June 30, 2020 June 30, 2019 June 30, 2020 June 30, 2019 Revenue: Software licenses $ 169,341 $ 170,499 $ 257,171 $ 293,543 Maintenance and service 216,320 198,136 433,475 392,222 Total revenue 385,661 368,635 690,646 685,765 Cost of sales: Software licenses 8,511 6,204 13,437 10,912 Amortization 9,764 4,755 19,316 9,302 Maintenance and service 35,585 29,538 71,223 55,098 Total cost of sales 53,860 40,497 103,976 75,312 Gross profit 331,801 328,138 586,670 610,453 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 128,698 120,412 259,220 232,581 Research and development 86,133 75,302 172,245 146,040 Amortization 4,163 3,796 8,325 7,555 Total operating expenses 218,994 199,510 439,790 386,176 Operating income 112,807 128,628 146,880 224,277 Interest income 934 2,980 3,709 6,422 Interest expense (3,040 ) (231 ) (6,691 ) (322 ) Other income (expense), net 1,884 (1,436 ) 2,011 (1,770 ) Income before income tax provision 112,585 129,941 145,909 228,607 Income tax provision 16,021 20,191 3,281 32,627 Net income $ 96,564 $ 109,750 $ 142,628 $ 195,980 Earnings per share basic: Earnings per share $ 1.13 $ 1.31 $ 1.66 $ 2.34 Weighted average shares 85,651 83,978 85,724 83,871 Earnings per share diluted: Earnings per share $ 1.11 $ 1.28 $ 1.64 $ 2.29 Weighted average shares 86,934 85,483 87,152 85,488 ANSYS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures (Unaudited) Three Months Ended June 30, 2020 (in thousands, except percentages and per share data) Revenue Gross Profit % Operating Income % Net Income EPS - Diluted1 Total GAAP $ 385,661 $ 331,801 86.0 % $ 112,807 29.3 % $ 96,564 $ 1.11 Acquisition accounting for deferred revenue 4,040 4,040 0.2 % 4,040 0.7 % 4,040 0.05 Stock-based compensation expense 3,464 0.8 % 34,130 8.9 % 34,130 0.40 Excess payroll taxes related to stock-based awards 166 0.1 % 1,876 0.4 % 1,876 0.02 Amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions 9,764 2.5 % 13,927 3.6 % 13,927 0.16 Transaction expenses related to business combinations % 309 % 309 Rabbi trust (income) / expense % % (1 ) Adjustment for income tax effect % % (16,518 ) (0.19 ) Total non-GAAP $ 389,701 $ 349,235 89.6 % $ 167,089 42.9 % $ 134,327 $ 1.55 1 Diluted weighted average shares were 86,934. Three Months Ended June 30, 2019 (in thousands, except percentages and per share data) Revenue Gross Profit % Operating Income % Net Income EPS - Diluted1 Total GAAP $ 368,635 $ 328,138 89.0 % $ 128,628 34.9 % $ 109,750 $ 1.28 Acquisition accounting for deferred revenue 1,873 1,873 0.1 % 1,873 0.3 % 1,873 0.02 Stock-based compensation expense 2,374 0.7 % 29,122 7.9 % 29,122 0.35 Excess payroll taxes related to stock-based awards 11 % 389 0.1 % 389 Amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions 4,755 1.2 % 8,551 2.3 % 8,551 0.10 Transaction expenses related to business combinations % 450 0.1 % 450 0.01 Rabbi trust (income) / expense % % (58 ) Adjustment related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act % % (498 ) (0.01 ) Adjustment for income tax effect % % (11,673 ) (0.14 ) Total non-GAAP $ 370,508 $ 337,151 91.0 % $ 169,013 45.6 % $ 137,906 $ 1.61 1 Diluted weighted average shares were 85,483. ANSYS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures (Unaudited) Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 (in thousands, except percentages and per share data) Revenue Gross Profit % Operating Income % Net Income EPS - Diluted1 Total GAAP $ 690,646 $ 586,670 84.9 % $ 146,880 21.3 % $ 142,628 $ 1.64 Acquisition accounting for deferred revenue 7,952 7,952 0.2 % 7,952 0.9 % 7,952 0.09 Stock-based compensation expense 6,330 1.0 % 65,071 9.4 % 65,071 0.75 Excess payroll taxes related to stock-based awards 689 0.1 % 8,859 1.2 % 8,859 0.10 Amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions 19,316 2.7 % 27,641 4.0 % 27,641 0.32 Transaction expenses related to business combinations % 1,259 0.1 % 1,259 0.01 Rabbi trust (income) / expense % % (5 ) Adjustment for income tax effect % % (46,773 ) (0.54 ) Total non-GAAP $ 698,598 $ 620,957 88.9 % $ 257,662 36.9 % $ 206,632 $ 2.37 1 Diluted weighted average shares were 87,152. Six Months Ended June 30, 2019 (in thousands, except percentages and per share data) Revenue Gross Profit % Operating Income % Net Income EPS - Diluted1 Total GAAP $ 685,765 $ 610,453 89.0 % $ 224,277 32.7 % $ 195,980 $ 2.29 Acquisition accounting for deferred revenue 4,653 4,653 0.1 % 4,653 0.5 % 4,653 0.05 Stock-based compensation expense 3,602 0.5 % 52,922 7.5 % 52,922 0.62 Excess payroll taxes related to stock-based awards 476 0.1 % 4,379 0.6 % 4,379 0.05 Amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions 9,302 1.3 % 16,857 2.5 % 16,857 0.20 Transaction expenses related to business combinations % 3,111 0.5 % 3,111 0.04 Rabbi trust (income) / expense % % (223 ) Adjustment related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act % % (1,834 ) (0.02 ) Adjustment for income tax effect % % (27,269 ) (0.32 ) Total non-GAAP $ 690,418 $ 628,486 91.0 % $ 306,199 44.3 % $ 248,576 $ 2.91 1 Diluted weighted average shares were 85,488. ANSYS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Reconciliation of Forward-Looking Guidance Quarter Ending September 30, 2020 Earnings Per Share - Diluted U.S. GAAP expectation $0.61 - $0.90 Exclusions before tax: Acquisition adjustments to deferred revenue $0.02 Acquisition-related amortization $0.15 - $0.17 Stock-based compensation and related excess payroll tax $0.38 - $0.43 Adjustment for income tax effect ($0.11) - ($0.13) Non-GAAP expectation $1.10 - $1.34 ANSYS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Reconciliation of Forward-Looking Guidance Year Ending December 31, 2020 Earnings Per Share - Diluted U.S. GAAP expectation $4.01 - $4.70 Exclusions before tax: Acquisition adjustments to deferred revenue $0.13 Acquisition-related amortization $0.62 - $0.65 Stock-based compensation and related excess payroll tax $1.61 - $1.72 Transaction expenses related to business combinations $0.01 Adjustment for income tax effect ($0.72) - ($0.77) Non-GAAP expectation $5.75 - $6.35 Use of Non-GAAP Measures We provide non-GAAP revenue, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating profit margin, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share as supplemental measures to GAAP regarding our operational performance. These financial measures exclude the impact of certain items and, therefore, have not been calculated in accordance with GAAP. A detailed explanation of each of the adjustments to such financial measures is described below. This press release also contains a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to its most comparable GAAP financial measure. We use non-GAAP financial measures (a) to evaluate our historical and prospective financial performance as well as our performance relative to our competitors, (b) to set internal sales targets and spending budgets, (c) to allocate resources, (d) to measure operational profitability and the accuracy of forecasting, (e) to assess financial discipline over operational expenditures and (f) as an important factor in determining variable compensation for management and employees. In addition, many financial analysts that follow us focus on and publish both historical results and future projections based on non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that it is in the best interest of our investors to provide this information to analysts so that they accurately report the non-GAAP financial information. Moreover, investors have historically requested, and we have historically reported, these non-GAAP financial measures as a means of providing consistent and comparable information with past reports of financial results. While we believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information to investors, there are limitations associated with the use of these non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, are not reported by all our competitors and may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures of our competitors due to potential differences in the exact method of calculation. We compensate for these limitations by using these non-GAAP financial measures as supplements to GAAP financial measures and by reviewing the reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most comparable GAAP financial measures. The adjustments to these non-GAAP financial measures, and the basis for such adjustments, are outlined below: Acquisition accounting for deferred revenue. Historically, we have consummated acquisitions in order to support our strategic and other business objectives. In accordance with the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, acquired deferred revenue is often recorded on the opening balance sheet at an amount that is lower than the historical carrying value. Although this acquisition accounting requirement has no impact on our business or cash flow, it adversely impacts our reported GAAP revenue in the reporting periods following an acquisition. In order to provide investors with financial information that facilitates comparison of both historical and future results, we provide non-GAAP financial measures which exclude the impact of the acquisition accounting adjustment. We believe that this non-GAAP financial adjustment is useful to investors because it allows investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by us in our financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare our past and future reports of financial results as the revenue reduction related to acquired deferred revenue will not recur when related annual lease licenses and software maintenance contracts are renewed in future periods. Amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions. We incur amortization of intangible assets, included in our GAAP presentation of amortization expense, related to various acquisitions we have made. We exclude these expenses for the purpose of calculating non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating profit margin, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance because these costs are fixed at the time of an acquisition, are then amortized over a period of several years after the acquisition and generally cannot be changed or influenced by us after the acquisition. Accordingly, we do not consider these expenses for purposes of evaluating our performance during the applicable time period after the acquisition, and we exclude such expenses when making decisions to allocate resources. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by us in our financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare our past reports of financial results as we have historically reported these non-GAAP financial measures. Stock-based compensation expense. We incur expense related to stock-based compensation included in our GAAP presentation of cost of maintenance and service; research and development expense; and selling, general and administrative expense. This non-GAAP adjustment also includes excess payroll tax expense related to stock-based compensation. Stock-based compensation expense (benefit) incurred in connection with our deferred compensation plan held in a rabbi trust includes an offsetting benefit (charge) recorded in other income (expense). Although stock-based compensation is an expense and viewed as a form of compensation, we exclude these expenses for the purpose of calculating non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating profit margin, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance. We similarly exclude income (expense) related to assets held in a rabbi trust in connection with our deferred compensation plan. Specifically, we exclude stock-based compensation and income (expense) related to assets held in the deferred compensation plan rabbi trust during our annual budgeting process and our quarterly and annual assessments of our performance. The annual budgeting process is the primary mechanism whereby we allocate resources to various initiatives and operational requirements. Additionally, the annual review by our board of directors during which it compares our historical business model and profitability to the planned business model and profitability for the forthcoming year excludes the impact of stock-based compensation. In evaluating the performance of our senior management and department managers, charges related to stock-based compensation are excluded from expenditure and profitability results. In fact, we record stock-based compensation expense into a stand-alone cost center for which no single operational manager is responsible or accountable. In this way, we can review, on a period-to-period basis, each manager's performance and assess financial discipline over operational expenditures without the effect of stock-based compensation. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results. Transaction expenses related to business combinations. We incur expenses for professional services rendered in connection with business combinations, which are included in our GAAP presentation of selling, general and administrative expense. These expenses are generally not tax-deductible. We exclude these acquisition-related transaction expenses, derived from announced acquisitions, for the purpose of calculating non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating profit margin, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance, as we generally would not have otherwise incurred these expenses in the periods presented as a part of our operations. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We recorded impacts to our income tax provision related to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, specifically for the transition tax related to unrepatriated cash and the impacts of the tax rate change on net deferred tax assets. We exclude these impacts for the purpose of calculating non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share when we evaluate our continuing operational performance, as (i) the charges are not expected to recur as part of our normal operations and (ii) the charges resulted from the extremely infrequent event of major U.S. tax reform, the last such reform having occurred in 1986. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate our operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by us to review our operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in our financial reporting. Non-GAAP tax provision. We utilize a normalized non-GAAP annual effective tax rate (AETR) to calculate non-GAAP measures. This methodology provides better consistency across interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of non-recurring items and aligning the non-GAAP tax rate with our expected geographic earnings mix. To project this rate, we analyzed our historic and projected non-GAAP earnings mix by geography along with other factors such as our current tax structure, recurring tax credits and incentives, and expected tax positions. On an annual basis we will re-evaluate this rate for significant items that may materially affect our projections. Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, GAAP. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. We have provided a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures as listed below: GAAP Reporting Measure Non-GAAP Reporting Measure Revenue Non-GAAP Revenue Operating Income Non-GAAP Operating Income Operating Profit Margin Non-GAAP Operating Profit Margin Net Income Non-GAAP Net Income Diluted Earnings Per Share Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share About Ansys If you've ever seen a rocket launch, flown on an airplane, driven a car, used a computer, touched a mobile device, crossed a bridge or put on wearable technology, chances are you've used a product where Ansys software played a critical role in its creation. Ansys is the global leader in engineering simulation. Through our strategy of Pervasive Engineering Simulation, we help the world's most innovative companies deliver radically better products to their customers. By offering the best and broadest portfolio of engineering simulation software, we help them solve the most complex design challenges and create products limited only by imagination. Founded in 1970, Ansys is headquartered south of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, U.S.A. Visit https://www.ansys.com for more information. Forward-Looking Information This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements that provide current expectations or forecasts of future events based on certain assumptions. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and factors relating to our business which could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Many of these risks, uncertainties, and factors are currently amplified by, and may continue to be amplified by, the COVID-19 pandemic. Forward-looking statements use words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, intend, likely, may, outlook, plan, predict, project, should, target, or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements include those about market opportunity, including our total addressable market. Risks, uncertainties, and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by these forward-looking statements include: current and potential future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows; adverse changes in global economic and/or political conditions; declines in our customers businesses resulting in adverse changes in customer procurement patterns; disruptions in accounts receivable and cash flow due to customers liquidity challenges and commercial deterioration; uncertainties regarding demand for our products and services in the future and our customers acceptance of new products, including those arising from the need of customers to utilize our products from remote locations; plans for future capital spending; delays or declines in anticipated sales due to reduced or altered sales and marketing interactions with customers; disruptions in the global economy and financial markets that may limit or delay availability of credit under existing or new credit facilities, or that may limit our ability to obtain credit or financing on acceptable terms or at all; investments in complementary companies, products, services and technologies; our ability to complete and successfully integrate our acquisitions and realize the financial and business benefits of the transactions; political, economic, regulatory and public health and safety risks and uncertainties in the countries and regions in which we operate; impacts from tariffs, trade sanctions, export license requirements or other trade barriers; the effect of changes in currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates; potential variations in our sales forecasts compared to actual sales; the volatility of our stock price; failures or errors in our products and services; our industry s rapidly changing technology; the quality of our products, including the strength of features, functionality and integrated multi-physics capabilities; lease license volatility; higher than anticipated costs for research and development or slowdown in our research and development activities; increased pricing pressure as a result of the competitive environment in which we operate; our ability to recruit and retain key personnel including any delays in recruitment caused by restrictions on travel and in person interactions and the absence of key personnel or teams due to illness or recuperation; our ability to protect our proprietary technology; cybersecurity threats or other security breaches, including in relation to an increased level of our activity that is occurring from remote global off-site locations; disclosure and misuse of employee or customer data whether as a result of a cybersecurity incident or otherwise; implementation of our new IT systems; investments in global sales and marketing organizations and global business infrastructure; dependence on our channel partners for the distribution of our products; increased volatility in our revenue due to the timing, duration and value of multi-year lease contracts; our reliance on high renewal rates for annual lease and maintenance contracts; operational disruptions generally or specifically in connection with transitions to and from remote work environments, or the failure of our technological infrastructure; the outcome of contingencies, including legal proceedings and government or regulatory investigations and service tax audit cases; uncertainty regarding income tax estimates in the jurisdictions in which we operate; changes in accounting principles or standards; the effect of changes in tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate; the uncertainty of estimates relating to the impact on reported revenue related to the acquisition accounting treatment of deferred revenue; and other risks and uncertainties described in our reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Ansys and any and all ANSYS, Inc. brand, product, service and feature names, logos and slogans are registered trademarks or trademarks of ANSYS, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States or other countries. All other brand, product, service and feature names or trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Visit https://investors.ansys.com for more information. ANSS-F

Emergent BioSolutions Awarded U.S. Department of State Contract to Supply Medical Countermeasures For Chemical Warfare Agents GAITHERSBURG, Md., Feb. 28, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Emergent BioSolutions Inc. (NYSE: EBS) today announced that it has signed an indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contract with the U.S. Department of State to establish a long-term, reliable, and stable supply chain for medical countermeasures that address chemical warfare agents. The contract is comprised of a five-year base period of performance along with five one-year option periods with a total contract value of a minimum of approximately $7 million to a maximum of $100 million over the contract s period of performance. Emergent will be supplying two of its current medical countermeasures addressing chemical threats; the Trobigard atropine sulfate/obidoxime chloride auto-injector, a drug-device combination product for emergency use in the event of nerve agent or organophosphate poisoning, and RSDL (Reactive Skin Decontamination Lotion Kit), which is intended to remove or neutralize chemical warfare agents and T-2 toxin from the skin. Emergent is pleased with this follow-on opportunity to meet the U.S. government s need for medical countermeasures that enhance the security of U.S. diplomats and other Chief of Mission personnel engaged in high-risk environments worldwide, said Doug White, senior vice president and head of the devices business unit at Emergent BioSolutions. Our mission to protect and enhance life has been at the core of our 20-year history of partnering with governments. We look forward to successfully completing deliveries of our Trobigard auto-injector under our 2017 contract and to our continued partnership with the State Department as we expand our portfolio of solutions to address existing and emerging chemical warfare agents for the long-term. One of our most important responsibilities is to respond to critical threats to Department diplomatic missions overseas and to maintain the safety of deployed employees, said William A. Walters, M.D., managing director of operational medicine for the U.S. Department of State. This begins with establishing a stable supply chain of medical countermeasures and ensuring adequate stockpiles as we equip ourselves with the tools that best enable a safe, accurate, and timely response to the highest risk chemical agents. Under this IDIQ contract, Emergent will maintain the capability to manufacture and deliver various medical countermeasures defined by the Department of State, including the Trobigard auto-injector, Reactive Skin Decontamination Lotion Kit, and auto-injector training devices. About Emergent s Chemical Medical Countermeasure Programs Emergent has proprietary medical countermeasure products and product candidates that address accidental or deliberate exposure to chemical agents. Emergent is currently partnering with the U.S. government to develop new auto-injector and intranasal products to defend against emerging chemical threats such as nerve agents and cyanide. These drug-device combination products are designed to support chemical defense programs by governments around the world to protect military and civilian populations. About Trobigard Trobigard atropine sulfate 2mg/obidoxime chloride 220mg auto-injector is Emergent s first nerve agent antidote product launched outside the United States. It has been designed as a pre-hospital medical intervention during nerve agent and organophosphate poisoning. Trobigard auto-injector is manufactured in Germany and is currently stockpiled and fielded by select European, Middle Eastern, and other U.S. allied countries authorized to purchase emergency use products. The Trobigard auto-injector has not been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and is not promoted or distributed in the U.S. About RSDL The RSDL (Reactive Skin Decontamination Lotion Kit) is an FDA-cleared device consisting of a lotion impregnated sponge in an easy-to-open packet. The RSDL kit is intended to remove or neutralize chemical warfare agents and T-2 toxin from the skin. RSDL kit was initially developed by Defence Research and Development Canada, an agency of the Canadian Department of National Defence (DND), to prepare the Canadian forces for chemical warfare attacks. The U.S. Department of Defense became interested in RSDL kits and the military then filed with the FDA. The FDA issued 510(k) clearance for RSDL kits in November 2002. The European CE Mark and Australian TGA clearances were later issued. The RSDL kit has been adopted by several militaries around the world with over 15 million packets of RSDL sold in over 35 countries. About Emergent BioSolutions Emergent BioSolutions Inc. is a global life sciences company seeking to protect and enhance life by focusing on providing specialty products for civilian and military populations that address accidental, deliberate, and naturally occurring public health threats. We aspire to be a Fortune 500 company recognized for protecting and enhancing life, driving innovation, and living our values. Additional information about the company may be found at www.emergentbiosolutions.com. Find us on LinkedIn and follow us on Twitter @emergentbiosolu and Instagram @life_at_emergent. Investor Contact: Robert G. Burrows Vice President, Investor Relations 240-631-3280 BurrowsR@ebsi.com Media Contact: Lynn Kieffer Vice President, Corporate Communications 240-631-3391 KiefferL@ebsi.com

Sypris Awarded Contracts for Advanced Electronics Undersea Cable Communications Systems TAMPA, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sypris Electronics, LLC, a subsidiary of Sypris Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq/GM: SYPR), announced today that it has recently received contract awards to manufacture a variety of mission-critical electronic assemblies for a number of global undersea communication projects. The name of the customer and the terms of the agreements were not disclosed. The awards are for the production of a variety of electronic assemblies used in undersea cable transmitters. These transmitters deploy advanced reconfigurable optical add-drop multiplexing technology, which is essential for the optimization and efficiency of today s high-capacity, transoceanic cable systems. Production will begin in 2018. The subsea electronics market is a great strategic fit for our high-reliability business focus, said Jim Long, Vice President & General Manager of Sypris Electronics. Our customer is a leader in undersea telecom installations, and we are committed to supporting it on these projects. We are honored to have this opportunity to expand our relationship with these recent orders. Sypris Electronics is a trusted provider of electronic solutions, addressing customers needs for building complex, mission-critical electronic and electro-mechanical devices and integrated systems. Backed by 50 years of experience, Sypris engineering and manufacturing services span our customers product life cycle all within a culture of continuous improvement and Six Sigma/Lean thinking. Partners from multiple agencies and tier one companies in Military (DoD), Space, Medical, Civil Avionics, Telecom, and Industrial markets team with Sypris to deliver high-reliability electronics built with strict adherence to regulated requirements. For more information, please visit www.sypriselectronics.com.

Brink s Announces $250 Million Share Repurchase Authorization RICHMOND, Va., Feb. 06, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Brink s Company (NYSE:BCO), the global leader in total cash management, route-based secure logistics and payment solutions, today announced that its board of directors authorized a $250 million share repurchase authorization that expires on December 31, 2021. The authorization replaces the company s previous share repurchase program, which expired December 31, 2019. Under the previous program, Brink s repurchased 1.3 million shares of its common stock for approximately $94 million, or an average cost of $69.35 per share. The timing and volume of share repurchases may be executed at the discretion of management on an opportunistic basis, or pursuant to trading plans or other arrangements. Any share repurchase under this program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise. The share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. About The Brink s Company The Brink s Company (NYSE:BCO) is the global leader in total cash management, route-based secure logistics and payment solutions including cash-in-transit, ATM services, cash management services (including vault outsourcing, money processing and intelligent safe services), and international transportation of valuables. Our customers include financial institutions, retailers, government agencies, mints, jewelers and other commercial operations. Our global network of operations in 41 countries serves customers in more than 100 countries. For more information, please visit our website at www.brinks.com or call 804-289-9709. Contact: Investor Relations 804.289.9709

Huntington Ingalls Industries Awarded Technical Support Contract by the U.S. Air Force NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Oct. 23, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Huntington Ingalls Industries (NYSE:HII) announced today that it is one of eight companies included on a contract to provide broad analytical and technical services to the U.S. Air Force in areas such as network architecture and cybersecurity. The multiple-award contract, recently awarded by the Secretary of the Air Force, Administrative Assistant s Concepts, Development and Management Office (SAF/CDM), has a base period of five years and a potential value of $950 million. The assimilation of intelligence tools is essential to military readiness, said Garry Schwartz, president of Technical Solutions Mission Driven Innovative Solutions group. Over the last several years, HII has continued to expand its support to the U.S. Air Force and the Department of Defense (DoD). We are looking forward to helping advance the creation and implementation of innovative solutions across the DoD. The contract will allow for the development of new concepts and management of high-priority projects and programs providing innovative solutions to Air Force and defense-wide challenges. SAF/CDM s mission is to be the partner choice for innovation, discovery and opportunity development within the Department of Defense. The contract was directly awarded to Fulcrum IT Services, a company acquired by HII in February and is now a part of HII s Technical Solutions division. Technical Solutions has nearly 6,000 employees in 45 states and 16 countries, providing professional services and business solutions to a variety of government and commercial customers worldwide. Huntington Ingalls Industries is America s largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. For more than a century, HII s Newport News and Ingalls shipbuilding divisions in Virginia and Mississippi have built more ships in more ship classes than any other U.S. naval shipbuilder. HII s Technical Solutions division provides a wide range of professional services through its Fleet Support, Mission Driven Innovative Solutions, Nuclear & Environmental, and Oil & Gas groups. Headquartered in Newport News, Virginia, HII employs more than 41,000 people operating both domestically and internationally. For more information, visit: HII on the web: www.huntingtoningalls.com HII on Facebook: www.facebook.com/HuntingtonIngallsIndustries HII on Twitter: twitter.com/hiindustries Statements in this release, as well as other statements we may make from time to time, other than statements of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these statements. Factors that may cause such differences include: changes in government and customer priorities and requirements (including government budgetary constraints, shifts in defense spending, and changes in customer short-range and long-range plans); our ability to estimate our future contract costs and perform our contracts effectively; changes in procurement processes and government regulations and our ability to comply with such requirements; our ability to deliver our products and services at an affordable life cycle cost and compete within our markets; natural and environmental disasters and political instability; our ability to execute our strategic plan, including with respect to share repurchases, dividends, capital expenditures, and strategic acquisitions; adverse economic conditions in the United States and globally; changes in key estimates and assumptions regarding our pension and retiree health care costs; security threats, including cyber security threats, and related disruptions; and other risk factors discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. There may be other risks and uncertainties that we are unable to predict at this time or that we currently do not expect to have a material adverse effect on our business, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements that we may make. Contact: Beci Brenton Beci.Brenton@hii-co.com (202) 264-7143

Nordson Corporation Board of Directors Authorizes Additional $500 Million for Share Repurchase Program WESTLAKE, Ohio--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nordson Corporation (Nasdaq:NDSN) today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $500 million of the Company s common shares, adding capacity to the $119 million remaining from its 2015 Board authorization. The Board s action reflects continued confidence in the long-term strength of our Company and our ongoing commitment to creating shareholder value, said Nordson President and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Hilton. Strong and consistent cash generation is a hallmark of our business, and we are pleased to be able to return this value to our shareholders through annual dividend increases and disciplined share repurchases. We also will continue making investments to fund long-term organic and acquisitive growth opportunities. Expected uses for repurchased shares include, but are not limited to, funding benefit programs including stock options, restricted stock and 401(k) matching. Shares repurchased will be treated as treasury shares until used for such purposes. Shares may be purchased from time to time at prevailing prices, subject to market conditions, share price and other considerations. Purchases will be made on the open market pursuant to the applicable Securities Exchange Act Rules and will be funded from operating cash flows. Nordson Corporation engineers, manufactures and markets differentiated products and systems used to dispense, apply and control adhesives, coatings, polymers, sealants, biomaterials, and other fluids, to test and inspect for quality, and to treat and cure surfaces. These products are supported by application expertise and direct global sales and service. Nordson serves a wide variety of consumer non-durable, durable and technology end markets including packaging, nonwovens, electronics, medical, appliances, energy, transportation, construction, and general product assembly and finishing. Founded in 1954 and headquartered in Westlake, Ohio, the company has operations and support offices in more than 30 countries. Visit Nordson on the web at http://www.nordson.com, @Nordson_Corp, or www.facebook.com/nordson.

Arbor Realty Trust Announces Details of Special Dividend Payable on January 31, 2019 UNIONDALE, N.Y., Jan. 30, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (the Company ) (NYSE: ABR) announced today the results of the stockholders' elections relating to the special dividend of $0.15 per share of common stock announced on December 17, 2018, which is payable on January 31, 2019. Shareholders of record on December 28, 2018 were able to elect to receive payment of the dividend all in cash or all in common shares, with the total cash distribution limited to 20% of the special distribution. Stockholders who failed to return a timely and properly completed election form before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on January 18, 2019 (the Election Deadline ) were deemed to have made an election to receive the special dividend entirely in common shares. Based on stockholder elections, the special dividend will consist of approximately $2.5 million in cash, or 20% of the total dividend, and approximately 0.9 million shares of common stock, or 80% of the total dividend. The number of shares included in the special dividend was calculated based on the $11.18 volume weighted average trading price of the Company's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on January 22, 23 and 24, 2019, the three trading days following the Election Deadline. Summarized results of the dividend elections are as follows: Stockholders of 58.5 million common shares made no election or elected to receive the dividend all in shares of common stock, and will receive $0.15 per share in common stock (100%). Stockholders of 25.5 million common shares elected to receive the dividend all in cash and will receive approximately $0.10 per share in cash (66%) and $0.05 per share in common stock (34%). The Company will pay fractional shares in cash. Following the special dividend, the Company will have approximately 85.1 million shares of common stock outstanding. The cash and stock portions of the special dividend are expected to be treated as a taxable dividend to stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes in 2018. About Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: ABR) is a nationwide real estate investment trust and direct lender, providing loan origination and servicing for multifamily, seniors housing, healthcare, and other diverse commercial real estate assets. Headquartered in Uniondale, New York, Arbor manages a multibillion-dollar servicing portfolio, specializing in Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and other government-sponsored enterprises, as well as CMBS, bridge, mezzanine, and preferred equity lending. Rated by Standard and Poor s and Fitch Ratings, Arbor is committed to building on its reputation for service, quality, and flexibility, and dedicated to providing our clients excellence over the entire life of a loan. Safe Harbor Statement Certain items in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of trends and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Arbor can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor s expectations include, but are not limited to, continued ability to source new investments, changes in interest rates and/or credit spreads, changes in the real estate markets, and other risks detailed in Arbor s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and its other reports filed with the SEC. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Arbor expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Arbor s expectations with regard thereto or change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

Pareteum Wins $17 Million in New Early March Contracts Adds 10 new customer agreements NEW YORK, March 15, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Pareteum Corporation (Nasdaq:TEUM), a rapidly growing global cloud software communications platform company with a mission to connect every person and every(thing) , today announced ten new customers have executed three-year contracts during early March 2019, valued at $17 million in the company's expanding 36-month contractual revenue backlog (36MCRB). These new customer transactions span Europe, Africa, US and Asia, and include software communications platform service offerings from the company's recent acquisitions of iPass and Artilium. New agreements signed in early March 2019 include: Cloud communications platform and connectivity services for a European Mobile Virtual Network Operator (MVNO) Cloud communications platform for a US-based provider of connected wearable devices Short Message Service (SMS) solution for a global SMS provider located in Hong Kong Short Message Service (SMS) solution for a digital agency based in West Africa Chief Revenue Officer Rob Mumby added, "We are seeing a fantastic response to our enhanced and expanded offering across all sectors. I am confident we will continue to gain traction with our market-leading cloud services as we move towards the next quarter." Executive Chairman and Principal Executive Officer of Pareteum, Hal Turner, commented, "These new customer wins reflect our deep understanding of the challenges faced by a diverse range of dynamic, market-leading organizations, and the great response our solutions represent to those challenges. Our momentum continues to grow in the wake of our acquisitions of Artilium and iPass, and our One TEUM strategy is delivering rich rewards." About PareteumMillions of people and devices are connected around the world using Pareteum's Global Cloud Communications Platform, enhancing their mobile experience. Pareteum unleashes the power of applications and mobile services, bringing secure, ubiquitous, scalable, and seamlessly available voice, video, SMS/text messaging, and data, media and content enablement to our customers, making worldwide communications services easily and economically accessible to everyone. By harnessing the value of our cloud communications platform, Pareteum serves enterprises, communications service providers, early stage innovators, developers, IoT, and telecommunications infrastructure providers. Pareteum envisions a new mobile communications experience imagining what will be, and delivering now. Pareteum currently has offices in North America, South America, Spain, Bahrain, Singapore, Indonesia, Germany, Belgium, United Kingdom, Russia, and the Netherlands. For more information please visit: www.pareteum.com. 36-Month Contractual Revenue Backlog Definition: 36-Month Contractual Revenue Backlog (36MCRB), is a Non-GAAP financial measure. It is measured on a forward-looking 36-month snapshot view, monthly, and is generated by the Company's Communications Services Providers, Enterprises, and IoT customers who use communication as a service platform products and services from the company's portfolio. The Pareteum multi-year Software-as-a-Service agreements include service establishment and implementation fees, guaranteed minimum monthly recurring fees, as well as contractually scheduled subscribers (connections), in some cases including subscriber (connections) usage, during the term of the agreement, and, their resulting monthly recurring contractual revenue. There can be no assurances that we reach the total contract revenue backlog. Timing of revenue recognition may vary from actual results. Forward Looking Statements:Certain statements contained herein constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may include, without limitation, statements with respect to Pareteum's plans and objectives, projections, expectations and intentions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about Pareteum's industry, management's beliefs and certain assumptions made by management. Readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Because such statements involve risks and uncertainties, the actual results and performance of Pareteum may differ materially from the results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Unless otherwise required by law, Pareteum also disclaims any obligation to update its view of any such risks or uncertainties or to announce publicly the result of any revisions to the forward-looking statements made here. Additional information concerning certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or suggested in Pareteum's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, copies of which are available from the SEC or may be obtained upon request from Pareteum Corporation. Pareteum Investor Relations Contacts:Ted O'DonnellChief Financial Officer+1 212 984 1096[email protected] Laura W. ThomasInvestor Relations+1 703 930 4282 Carrie Howes Rayleigh Capital European- Global IR +1 416 837 0075 SOURCE Pareteum Corporation Related Links http://www.pareteum.com

NextGen Healthcare Acquires Topaz Information Solutions Company Poised to Accelerate Market Penetration in Important Behavioral Health Segment IRVINE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--NextGen Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:NXGN), a leading provider of ambulatory-focused technology solutions, announced it has acquired Topaz Information, L.L.C., known as Topaz Information Solutions, a healthcare solutions company dedicated to meeting the needs of behavioral health and social services organizations. With this acquisition, NextGen Healthcare is well-positioned to improve the delivery of integrated and collaborative care in the behavioral health market, potentially reducing the cost of caring for millions of Americans while improving outcomes. The purchase, which includes all assets of TopazIS, was completed the first week of October. All employees of TopazIS have joined the NextGen Healthcare team. The terms of the deal were not disclosed. According to America s Mental Health 2018, a behavioral health research study published by the National Council for Behavioral Health and Cohen Veterans Network, demand for mental health services is strong and growing. Nearly six in 10 (56 percent) Americans have sought or want to seek mental health services either for themselves or for a loved one. Access is the number one challenge. NextGen Healthcare helps address the accessibility challenge by providing an integrated platform that effectively allows for providers to coordinate care and treat the whole patient. The acquisition of TopazIS appears to be a well-timed move by NextGen Healthcare, said Aaron Gleave, Clinical Research Director for KLAS Research, a leading healthcare research firm. NextGen Healthcare is acquiring additional technology as the market is beginning to accelerate the adoption of technology platforms and solutions in this space. Behavioral Health has been an underserved area, and we d love to see NextGen Healthcare deliver the same level of excellence that we ve observed in its ambulatory offerings the past couple years. The importance of effectively treating behavioral and mental health has appropriately garnered national attention, said Rusty Frantz, President and Chief Executive Officer of NextGen Healthcare. The large majority of Americans understand that mental health is just as important as physical health. With the Topaz acquisition, NextGen is doubling down on our commitment to the behavioral health specialty for both societal and business benefits. We strongly believe companies do well by doing good. Topaz has been a proud NextGen Healthcare partner since 2000, said Javier Favela, formerly TopazIS Chief Executive Officer and now Vice President, Behavioral Health Solutions at NextGen Healthcare. Because our cultures, technologies and missions were already so well aligned, it made perfect sense to join forces. We couldn t be more delighted to become part of NextGen Healthcare, a company that truly cares about its providers and their clients. NextGen Behavioral Health Suite NextGen Behavioral Health Suite enables organizations to deliver true integrated and collaborative care. It is built on the industry s only technology platform that integrates behavioral, physical and dental health records for a comprehensive view of the client/patient s health. The proven solution provides automation, pervasive interoperability, and superior analytics-driven medical and behavioral health workflows and is supported by a team with true subject matter expertise. For more information, visit https://www.nextgen.com/specialty/behavioral-mental-health. About NextGen Healthcare, Inc. We empower the transformation of ambulatory care partnering with medical, behavioral and dental providers in their journey to value-based care to make healthcare better for everyone. We go beyond EHR and PM. Our integrated solutions help increase clinical productivity, enrich the patient experience, and ensure healthy financial outcomes. We believe in better. Learn more at nextgen.com, and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram. SAFE HARBOR PROVISIONS FOR FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this news release may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, including but not limited to statements regarding the anticipated impact of the Topaz acquisition. NextGen Healthcare cautions investors not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which are based on information available at the time those statements are made or management's good faith belief as of that time with regard to future events, and should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results. Risks and uncertainties exist that may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause the anticipated results to differ from those described in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the potential that the expected benefits and opportunities of the acquisition of Topaz may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected; potential delays, inefficiencies or failures in integrating Topaz s personnel, systems and business with NextGen Healthcare; and market and financial conditions which may impact the performance of Topaz. The foregoing factors are in addition to the risks set forth in the NextGen Healthcare s public filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the discussion under the heading Risk Factors in NextGen Healthcare s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. NextGen Healthcare expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law.

Orrstown Announces Utilization of Existing Share Repurchase Authorization SHIPPENSBURG, Pa., Feb. 25, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. ("Orrstown" or the Company ) (NASDAQ: ORRF), the parent company of Orrstown Bank (the Bank ) and Wheatland Advisors, Inc. ("Wheatland"), announced it has entered orders for its stock pursuant to the previously authorized Company s 2015 share repurchase program. This program authorized the repurchase of 5% of shares or approximately 416,000 shares. The company has remaining authority to repurchase up to 333,275 shares. At this time, Orrstown is unable to say with certainty whether it will be able to completely execute the intended repurchases with the limitations in place, but management ascertained that market conditions warranted an order that can be filled as shares become available. This order may be cancelled at management s discretion. Thomas R. Quinn, Jr., President & CEO, commented, We remain extremely confident about the core fundamentals of the Company. We continue to make progress on our 2020 strategic goals, including enhancing the profitability of the bank through focus on continuation of growth in our relationship community bank, branch efficiency optimization, balance sheet mix optimization and fee income growth, and improving operational processes to enhance efficiency, while never losing focus on the client experience. We are mindful that a strong capital base is the foundation of future growth and client acquisition. We strive to balance the need to retain capital for growth and return capital to shareholders. In early 2020, we announced a 13.3% increase to our dividend, from $0.15 per share to $0.17 per share. However, recent market conditions have compelled us to utilize our share repurchase authorization as yet another way to return capital to shareholders. We remain unwavering in our commitment to executing our strategic plan and we will use all the tools at our disposal to create value for our shareholders, which may look different as conditions evolve. Investor Relations Contact: Media Contact: Matthew C. Schultheis Luke Bernstein Director Strategic Planning and Investor Relations Corporate Communications Officer Phone (717) 510-7127 Phone (717) 510-7107 About the Company With almost $2.4 billion in assets, Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Orrstown Bank and Wheatland Advisors, Inc., provide a wide range of consumer and business financial services through banking and financial advisory offices in Berks, Cumberland, Dauphin, Franklin, Lancaster, Perry, and York Counties, Pennsylvania and Anne Arundel, Baltimore, Howard, and Washington Counties, Maryland, as well as Baltimore City, Maryland. Orrstown Bank is an Equal Housing Lender and its deposits are insured up to the legal maximum by the FDIC. Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. s common stock is traded on Nasdaq (ORRF). For more information about Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. and Orrstown Bank, visit www.orrstown.com. For more information about Wheatland Advisors, Inc., visit www.wheatlandadvisors.com. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements reflect the current views of the Company's management with respect to, among other things, future events and the Company's financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, should, could, predict, potential, believe, will likely result, expect, continue, will, anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, project, forecast, goal, target, would and outlook, or the negative variations of those words or other comparable words of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the Company's industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond the Company's control. Accordingly, the Company cautions you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements and there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to continue to successfully execute on our strategic growth plan into Dauphin, Lancaster, York and Berks counties, Pennsylvania, and the greater Baltimore market in Maryland, with newer markets continuing to be receptive to our community banking model; to take advantage of market disruption; and to experience sustained growth in loans and deposits or maintain the momentum experienced to date from these actions. Factors which could cause the actual results of the Company's operations to differ materially from expectations include, but are not limited to: ineffectiveness of the Company's strategic growth plan due to changes in current or future market conditions; the effects of competition and how it may impact our community banking model, including industry consolidation and development of competing financial products and services; the integration of the Company's strategic acquisitions; the inability to fully achieve expected savings, efficiencies or synergies from mergers and acquisitions, or taking longer than estimated for such savings, efficiencies and synergies to be realized; changes in laws and regulations; interest rate movements; changes in credit quality; inability to raise capital, if necessary, under favorable conditions; volatilities in the securities markets; deteriorating economic conditions; expenses associated with pending litigation and legal proceedings; and other risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the Company's underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what the Company anticipates. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict those events or how they may affect it. In addition, the Company cannot assess the impact of each factor on its business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that the Company or persons acting on the Company's behalf may issue.

Pool Corporation Reports Record 2019 Results and Provides 2020 Earnings Guidance Highlights include: Record annual sales of $3.2 billion for 2019, up 7% from 2018 2019 operating margin of 10.7%, up 20 bps from 2018, with base business operating margin up 40 bps Record 2019 diluted EPS of $6.40 (including a $0.57 tax benefit), an increase of 14% over 2018 Cash provided by operations of $298.8 million, an improvement of $180.1 million from 2018 2020 diluted EPS guidance range of $6.47 - $6.77, including an estimated $0.06 tax benefit; excluding the tax benefit in both years, the guidance range is an increase of 10% - 15% over 2019 COVINGTON, La., Feb. 13, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Pool Corporation (NASDAQ/GSM:POOL) today announced fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. 2019 was an exciting year for POOLCORP as we achieved record sales, operating margin and earnings per share. We also achieved a record return on invested capital of 29.3%. Our focus on market share gains and capacity creation allowed us to capitalize on our competitive advantages and deliver solid results, particularly considering the impact of weather on our results in the first half of the year, commented Peter D. Arvan, president and CEO. Net sales increased 7% to a record high of $3.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to $3.0 billion in 2018. Base business sales increased 5% driven by our continued expansion in commercial and building material products and healthy demand for discretionary products, such as construction materials and products used in the remodel and replacement of in-ground pools. We achieved these favorable results despite inclement weather throughout much of the first half of the year. Gross profit reached a record $924.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, a 6% increase over gross profit of $870.2 million in 2018. Gross margin was relatively flat year over year at 28.9% in 2019 compared to 29.0% in 2018, with base business gross margin at 29.0% in both years. Selling and administrative expenses (operating expenses) increased 5% to $583.7 million in 2019, up from $556.3 million in 2018, with base business operating expenses up 3% over 2018. The increase in base business operating expenses was primarily attributable to higher growth-driven labor and freight expenses, as well as greater facility-related costs. Operating income for the year increased 9% to $341.2 million, up from $313.9 million in 2018. Operating margin increased to 10.7% in 2019 compared to 10.5% in 2018, while base business operating margin improved 40 basis points to 10.9% in 2019. We recorded a $23.5 million, or $0.57 per diluted share, benefit from Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to a benefit of $15.3 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, realized in 2018. Net income increased 12% to a record $261.6 million in 2019 compared to $234.5 million in 2018. Earnings per share increased 14% to a record $6.40 per diluted share compared to $5.62 per diluted share in 2018. Excluding the impact from ASU 2016-09 in both periods, earnings per diluted share increased 11% to $5.83 in 2019 compared to $5.26 in 2018. Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the addendum to this release) increased 8% to $382.2 million in 2019 compared to $353.4 million in 2018 and was 11.9% of net sales in 2019 compared to 11.8% of net sales in 2018. On the balance sheet at December 31, 2019, total net receivables, including pledged receivables, increased 9% compared to 2018, driven by our December sales growth. Inventory levels grew 4% to $702.3 million compared to $672.6 million in 2018, reflecting inventory from acquired businesses of $10.3 million and normal business growth. Total debt outstanding decreased $155.4 million, or 23%, compared to last year s balance. Cash provided by operations was $298.8 million in 2019, compared to $118.7 million in 2018, an improvement of $180.1 million. The strategic inventory purchases that we made in the latter half of 2018 negatively impacted our 2018 cash flows due to timing differences that reversed in 2019. Our return on invested capital (as defined in the addendum to this release) for 2019 was 29.3% compared to 27.7% in 2018. Net sales increased 7% to $582.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to $543.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. Gross margin decreased 170 basis points to 27.8% in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. Gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2018 reflected benefits from strategic inventory purchases ahead of vendor price increases resulting in a comparative decline in the fourth quarter of 2019. Operating income in the fourth quarter of 2019 decreased 1% to $25.8 million compared to $26.0 million in the same period of 2018. Operating margin decreased 40 basis points in the fourth quarter, including a 10 basis point decrease in base business operating margin. We recorded a $2.4 million benefit from ASU 2016-09 in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to a benefit of $1.4 million realized in the fourth quarter of 2018. Net income in the fourth quarter of 2019 was $18.0 million compared to $16.8 million in the comparable 2018 period. Earnings per diluted share was $0.44 in the fourth quarter of 2019, or $0.38 excluding the $0.06 per diluted share impact from ASU 2016-09, compared to $0.41, or $0.37 excluding the $0.04 impact from ASU 2016-09, for the same period in 2018. In 2020, we will continue to focus on our operating priorities and making strategic investments that benefit our customers, employees and shareholders. We believe that our competitive advantages continue to grow and underlying demand throughout our industry remains strong. Based on these factors, we expect earnings for 2020 will be in the range of $6.47 to $6.77 per diluted share, including an estimated $0.06 favorable impact from ASU 2016-09, said Arvan. 2020 Guidance Range 2019 Floor Ceiling Diluted EPS $ 6.40 $ 6.47 $ 6.77 Less: tax benefit 0.57 0.06 0.06 Diluted EPS, excluding tax benefit $ 5.83 $ 6.41 $ 6.71 Year-over-year growth 10 % 15 % Based on our December 31, 2019 stock price, we estimate that we have approximately $2.3 million in unrealized excess tax benefits related to stock options that will expire and restricted stock awards that will vest in the first quarter of 2020, adding $0.06 in diluted earnings per share in that period. We have included the estimated first quarter benefit in our annual earnings guidance; however, additional tax benefits could be recognized related to stock option exercises in 2020 from grants that expire in years after 2020, for which we have not included any expected benefits. POOLCORP is the world s largest wholesale distributor of swimming pool and related backyard products. As of December 31, 2019, POOLCORP operates 373 sales centers in North America, Europe and Australia, through which it distributes more than 200,000 national brand and private label products to roughly 120,000 wholesale customers. For more information, please visit www.poolcorp.com. This news release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are generally identifiable through the use of words such as believe, expect, intend, plan, estimate, project, should and similar expressions and include projections of earnings. The forward-looking statements in this release are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise such statements to reflect new circumstances or unanticipated events as they occur. Actual results may differ materially due to a variety of factors, including the sensitivity of our business to weather conditions, changes in the economy and the housing market, our ability to maintain favorable relationships with suppliers and manufacturers, competition from other leisure product alternatives and mass merchants, excess tax benefits or deficiencies recognized under ASU 2016-09 and other risks detailed in POOLCORP s 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as updated by POOLCORP s subsequent filings with the SEC. Curtis J. Scheel Director of Investor Relations 985.801.5341 curtis.scheel@poolcorp.com POOL CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Income (In thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 (1) Net sales $ 582,234 $ 543,082 $ 3,199,517 $ 2,998,097 Cost of sales 420,184 382,640 2,274,592 2,127,924 Gross profit 162,050 160,442 924,925 870,173 Percent 27.8 % 29.5 % 28.9 % 29.0 % Selling and administrative expenses 136,252 134,472 583,679 556,284 Operating income 25,798 25,970 341,246 313,889 Percent 4.4 % 4.8 % 10.7 % 10.5 % Interest and other non-operating expenses, net 5,234 6,448 23,772 20,896 Income before income taxes and equity earnings 20,564 19,522 317,474 292,993 Provision for income taxes 2,592 2,786 56,161 58,774 Equity earnings in unconsolidated investments, net 52 75 262 242 Net income $ 18,024 $ 16,811 $ 261,575 $ 234,461 Earnings per share: Basic $ 0.45 $ 0.42 $ 6.57 $ 5.82 Diluted $ 0.44 $ 0.41 $ 6.40 $ 5.62 Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 40,047 40,002 39,833 40,311 Diluted 40,952 41,274 40,865 41,693 Cash dividends declared per common share $ 0.55 $ 0.45 $ 2.10 $ 1.72 (1) Derived from audited financial statements. POOL CORPORATION Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands) December 31, December 31, Change 2019 2018 (1) $ % Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 28,583 $ 16,358 $ 12,225 75 % Receivables, net (2) 76,648 69,493 7,155 10 Receivables pledged under receivables facility 149,891 138,308 11,583 8 Product inventories, net (3) 702,274 672,579 29,695 4 Prepaid expenses and other current assets (6) 16,172 18,506 (2,334 ) (13 ) Total current assets 973,568 915,244 58,324 6 Property and equipment, net 112,246 106,964 5,282 5 Goodwill 188,596 188,472 124 Other intangible assets, net 11,038 12,004 (966 ) (8 ) Equity interest investments 1,227 1,213 14 1 Operating lease assets (4), (5), (6) 176,689 176,689 100 Other assets 19,902 16,974 2,928 17 Total assets $ 1,483,266 $ 1,240,871 $ 242,395 20 % Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable (5) $ 261,963 $ 237,835 $ 24,128 10 % Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 60,813 58,607 2,206 4 Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 11,745 9,168 2,577 28 Current operating lease liabilities (4) 56,325 56,325 100 Total current liabilities 390,846 305,610 85,236 28 Deferred income taxes 32,598 29,399 3,199 11 Long-term debt, net 499,662 657,593 (157,931 ) (24 ) Other long-term liabilities 27,970 24,679 3,291 13 Non-current operating lease liabilities (4) 122,010 122,010 100 Total liabilities 1,073,086 1,017,281 55,805 5 Total stockholders equity 410,180 223,590 186,590 83 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 1,483,266 $ 1,240,871 $ 242,395 20 % (1) Derived from audited financial statements. (2) The allowance for doubtful accounts was $5.5 million at December 31, 2019 and $6.2 million at December 31, 2018. (3) The inventory reserve was $9.0 million at December 31, 2019 and $7.7 million at December 31, 2018. (4) We adopted ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), on January 1, 2019. Upon adoption, we recorded operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities based on the present value of future lease obligations. We applied the practical expedient available in this guidance, which does not require the restatement of prior year balances. (5) Due to ASU 2016-02, our straight-line rent liability of $5.1 million, reported in Accounts payable under previous accounting guidance, offsets our Operating lease assets. (6) As of December 31, 2019, we presented pre-paid rent of $4.8 million in Operating lease assets as required under the new guidance (presented in Prepaid expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2018). POOL CORPORATION Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2019 2018 (1) Change Operating activities Net income $ 261,575 $ 234,461 $ 27,114 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 27,885 26,122 1,763 Amortization 1,389 1,793 (404 ) Share-based compensation 13,472 12,874 598 Equity earnings in unconsolidated investments, net (262 ) (242 ) (20 ) Net losses on foreign currency transactions 1,347 560 787 Other 7,551 8,928 (1,377 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Receivables (15,691 ) (14,371 ) (1,320 ) Product inventories (14,165 ) (142,170 ) 128,005 Prepaid expenses and other assets (4,218 ) 1,018 (5,236 ) Accounts payable 16,860 (6,567 ) 23,427 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 3,033 (3,750 ) 6,783 Net cash provided by operating activities 298,776 118,656 180,120 Investing activities Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired (8,901 ) (2,578 ) (6,323 ) Purchase of property and equipment, net of sale proceeds (33,362 ) (31,580 ) (1,782 ) Net cash used in investing activities (42,263 ) (34,158 ) (8,105 ) Financing activities Proceeds from revolving line of credit 1,066,529 1,138,195 (71,666 ) Payments on revolving line of credit (1,415,988 ) (998,503 ) (417,485 ) Proceeds from asset-backed financing 189,000 198,400 (9,400 ) Payments on asset-backed financing (182,500 ) (189,900 ) 7,400 Proceeds from term facility 185,000 185,000 Proceeds from short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 30,863 17,127 13,736 Payments on short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt (28,286 ) (18,793 ) (9,493 ) Payments of deferred acquisition consideration (312 ) (661 ) 349 Payments of deferred financing costs (406 ) (106 ) (300 ) Proceeds from stock issued under share-based compensation plans 18,574 13,569 5,005 Payments of cash dividends (83,772 ) (69,430 ) (14,342 ) Purchases of treasury stock (23,188 ) (187,469 ) 164,281 Net cash used in financing activities (244,486 ) (97,571 ) (146,915 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 198 (509 ) 707 Change in cash and cash equivalents 12,225 (13,582 ) 25,807 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 16,358 29,940 (13,582 ) Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 28,583 $ 16,358 $ 12,225 (1) Derived from audited financial statements. ADDENDUM Base Business The following tables break out our consolidated results into the base business component and the excluded components (sales centers excluded from base business): (Unaudited) Base Business Excluded Total (in thousands) Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Three Months Ended December 31, December 31, December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 Net sales $ 575,791 $ 538,555 $ 6,443 $ 4,527 $ 582,234 $ 543,082 Gross profit 160,721 159,537 1,329 905 162,050 160,442 Gross margin 27.9 % 29.6 % 20.6 % 20.0 % 27.8 % 29.5 % Operating expenses 133,369 133,178 2,883 1,294 136,252 134,472 Expenses as a % of net sales 23.2 % 24.7 % 44.7 % 28.6 % 23.4 % 24.8 % Operating income (loss) 27,352 26,359 (1,554 ) (389 ) 25,798 25,970 Operating margin 4.8 % 4.9 % (24.1 ) % (8.6 ) % 4.4 % 4.8 % (Unaudited) Base Business Excluded Total (in thousands) Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019 2018 Net sales $ 3,152,253 $ 2,987,937 $ 47,264 $ 10,160 $ 3,199,517 $ 2,998,097 Gross profit 912,680 867,980 12,245 2,193 924,925 870,173 Gross margin 29.0 % 29.0 % 25.9 % 21.6 % 28.9 % 29.0 % Operating expenses 569,458 552,841 14,221 3,443 583,679 556,284 Expenses as a % of net sales 18.1 % 18.5 % 30.1 % 33.9 % 18.2 % 18.6 % Operating income (loss) 343,222 315,139 (1,976 ) (1,250 ) 341,246 313,889 Operating margin 10.9 % 10.5 % (4.2 ) % (12.3 ) % 10.7 % 10.5 % We have excluded the results of the following acquisitions from base business for the periods identified: Acquired Acquisition Date Net Sales Centers Acquired Periods Excluded W.W. Adcock, Inc. (1) January 2019 4 January - December 2019 Turf & Garden, Inc. (1) November 2018 4 January - December 2019 and November - December 2018 Tore Pty. Ltd. (Pool Power) (1) January 2018 1 January - April 2019 and January - April 2018 Chem Quip, Inc. (1) December 2017 5 January - March 2019 and January - March 2018 Intermark December 2017 1 January - February 2019 and January - February 2018 (1) We acquired certain distribution assets of each of these companies. When calculating our base business results, we exclude sales centers that are acquired, closed or opened in new markets for a period of 15 months. We also exclude consolidated sales centers when we do not expect to maintain the majority of the existing business and existing sales centers that are consolidated with acquired sales centers. We generally allocate corporate overhead expenses to excluded sales centers on the basis of their net sales as a percentage of total net sales. After 15 months of operations, we include acquired, consolidated and new market sales centers in the base business calculation including the comparative prior year period. The table below summarizes the changes in our sales centers during 2019. December 31, 2018 364 Acquired locations 4 New locations 9 Closed/consolidated locations (4 ) December 31, 2019 373 Adjusted EBITDA We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income or net loss plus interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation, goodwill and other non-cash impairments and equity earnings or losses in unconsolidated investments. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of cash flow or liquidity as determined by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). We have included Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental disclosure because we believe that it is widely used by our investors, industry analysts and others as a useful supplemental liquidity measure in conjunction with cash flows provided by or used in operating activities to help investors understand our ability to provide cash flows to fund growth, service debt and pay dividends as well as compare our cash flow generating capacity from year to year. We believe Adjusted EBITDA should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, operating income or loss, net income or loss, cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing and financing activities or other income statement or cash flow statement line items reported in accordance with GAAP. Other companies may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, which may limit its usefulness as a comparative measure. The table below presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net cash provided by operating activities. Please see page 6 for our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. (Unaudited) Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2019 2018 Adjusted EBITDA $ 382,212 $ 353,427 Add: Interest and other non-operating expenses, net of interest income (1) (21,992 ) (19,645 ) Provision for income taxes (56,161 ) (58,774 ) Net losses on foreign currency transactions 1,347 560 Other 7,551 8,928 Change in operating assets and liabilities (14,181 ) (165,840 ) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 298,776 $ 118,656 (1) Shown net of losses on foreign currency transactions. The table below presents a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA. (Unaudited) Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2019 2018 Net income $ 261,575 $ 234,461 Add: Interest and other non-operating expenses (1) 22,425 20,336 Provision for income taxes 56,161 58,774 Share-based compensation 13,472 12,874 Equity earnings in unconsolidated investments, net (262 ) (242 ) Depreciation 27,885 26,122 Amortization (2) 956 1,102 Adjusted EBITDA $ 382,212 $ 353,427 (1) Shown net of interest income and net of losses on foreign currency transactions and includes amortization of deferred financing costs as discussed below. (2) Excludes amortization of deferred financing costs of $433 for 2019 and $691 for 2018. This non-cash expense is included in Interest and other non-operating expenses, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Return on Invested Capital We calculate Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) using trailing four quarter results. We define ROIC as Net income adjusted for Interest and other non-operating expenses, net (net of taxes at the effective tax rate), divided by the sum of average Long-term debt, net, average Short-term borrowings and the current portion of long-term debt and average Total stockholders equity from our financial statements as filed with the SEC. We have included ROIC as a supplemental disclosure because we believe that it may be used by our investors, industry analysts and others as a measure of the efficiency and effectiveness of our use of capital. ROIC is not a measure of financial performance under GAAP. We believe ROIC should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, operating income or loss, net income or loss, cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing and financing activities or other income statement, balance sheet or cash flow statement line items reported in accordance with GAAP. Other companies may calculate ROIC differently than we do, which may limit its usefulness as a comparative measure. The table below presents our calculation of ROIC at December 31, 2019 and 2018. (Unaudited) Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2019 2018 Numerator (trailing four quarters total): Net income $ 261,575 $ 234,461 Interest and other non-operating expenses, net 23,772 20,896 Less: taxes on Interest and other non-operating expenses, net at 17.7% and 20.1%, respectively (4,208 ) (4,200 ) $ 281,139 $ 251,157 Denominator (average of trailing four quarters): Long-term debt, net $ 595,247 $ 602,984 Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 17,323 15,190 Total stockholders equity 346,049 289,979 $ 958,619 $ 908,153 Return on invested capital 29.3 % 27.7 %

Fenwick Automotive Products Limited Bankruptcy Filing Expected LOS ANGELES, June 10, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. (Nasdaq:MPAA) today said it expects the company's separately capitalized subsidiaries, Fenwick Automotive Products Limited and Introcan ("Fenco"), will file for bankruptcy. Fenco is currently being managed by a chief restructuring officer and a board not affiliated with Motorcar Parts of America, and Fenco will make any decision as to the timing and process for any bankruptcy proceeding. "While Fenco had made progress in its transition plans for the undercar segment since the acquisition, the cost savings and operational efficiencies were not sufficient for Motorcar Parts to continue its involvement with Fenco under the current financial structure. Motorcar Parts of America has written off its investment in Fenco, which will be disclosed in the company's fiscal 2013 year-end results. The separation of the control of Fenco from us will result in the deconsolidation of Fenco from our financial statements," said Selwyn Joffe, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Motorcar Parts of America. He emphasized that Motorcar Parts of America's rotating electrical base business continues to be strong. "We expect to report record sales of approximately $213 million for rotating electrical when the company files its fiscal 2013 year-end results this month," Joffe said. He noted that the company's liquidity remains strong. Motorcar Parts of America expects to report a cash position of approximately $19.0 million, and approximately $18.0 million available under the company's revolving credit facility at March 31, 2013. He added that the company will realize tax benefits as a result of the losses incurred through Fenco. These benefits will be realized in stages, based on the availability of refunds from past taxable periods and reductions in tax payments on future earnings. About Motorcar Parts of America Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. is a remanufacturer of alternators and starters utilized in imported and domestic passenger vehicles, light trucks and heavy duty applications. Motorcar Parts of America's products are sold to automotive retail outlets and the professional repair market throughout the United States and Canada, with remanufacturing facilities located in California, Mexico and Malaysia, and administrative offices located in California, Tennessee, Mexico, Singapore and Malaysia. Additional information is available at www.motorcarparts.com. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for certain forward-looking statements. The statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements based on the company's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on the company. These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond the control of the company) and are subject to change based upon various factors. Reference is also made to the Risk Factors set forth in the company's Form 10-K Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in September 2012 and in its Forms 10-Q filed with the SEC thereafter for additional risks and uncertainties facing the company. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information, future events or otherwise. Gary S. Maier Maier & Company, Inc. (310) 471-1288 For Motorcar Parts of America Inquiries Donald MacKenzie (212) 586-2200 For Fenwick Automotive Inquiries

Secoo Holding Limited Announces Share Repurchase Program BEIJING, April 30, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Secoo Holding Limited ( Secoo or the Company ) (NASDAQ: SECO), Asia's largest online integrated upscale products and services platform, today announced that its Board of Directors (the "Board") has approved a share repurchase program whereby Secoo is authorized to repurchase its own Class A ordinary shares in the form of American Depositary Shares with an aggregate value of up to US$20 million during the next twelve-month period, starting from April 30, 2020, the effective date of the program. Mr. Richard Rixue Li, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Secoo, commented, This share repurchase program authorized by the Board demonstrates our confidence in Secoo s long-term prospects. We are convinced by the great potential of China luxury e-commerce market and will make great efforts to capture the opportunities of economic transformation towards digital commerce in luxury industry and enhance value for our long-term shareholders. The proposed share repurchase may be effected on the open market at prevailing market prices and/or in negotiated transactions off the market from time to time as market conditions warrant in accordance with applicable requirements of Rule 10b5-1 and/or Rule 10b-18 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. About Secoo Holding Limited Secoo Holding Limited ( Secoo ) is Asia s largest online integrated upscale products and services platform as measured by GMV in 2016. Secoo provides customers a wide selection of authentic upscale products and lifestyle services on the Company s integrated online and offline shopping platform which consists of the Secoo.com website, mobile applications and offline experience centers, offering over 400,000 SKUs, covering over 3,800 global and domestic brands. Supported by the Company s proprietary database of upscale products, authentication procedures and brand cooperation, Secoo is able to ensure the authenticity and quality of every product offered on its platform. For more information, please visit http://ir.secoo.com . Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include but are not limited to Secoo management quotes and the Company s financial outlook. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as will, estimate, project, predict, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, potential, plan, goal and similar statements. Secoo Holding Limited may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its periodic reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in its annual report to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: the Company s goals and strategies; its future business development, financial condition and results of operations; its ability to attract and retain new customers and to increase revenues generated from repeat customers; its expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of its products and services; trends and competition in China s e-commerce market; changes in its revenues and certain cost or expense items; the expected growth of the Chinese e-commerce market; Chinese governmental policies relating to the Company s industry and general economic conditions in China. For additional information on these and other important factors that could adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, please see its filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

AXA Equitable Holdings Announces $800 Million Share Repurchase Authorization NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--AXA Equitable Holdings, Inc. ( AXA Equitable Holdings , or the Company ) (NYSE: EQH) announced today that its Board of Directors has authorized a new $800 million share repurchase program. Our strong balance sheet, disciplined risk management and sustainable cash flow generation continue to support the Company s commitment to return capital to shareholders, said Mark Pearson, President and CEO of AXA Equitable Holdings. In less than a year as a publicly traded company, AXA Equitable Holdings has returned more than $1 billion to our shareholders in the form of quarterly dividends and share repurchases. Continuing this capital return approach, our Board of Directors has authorized a new share repurchase program of $800 million. This authorization is in line with our enhanced annual target payout range of 50-60% of Non-GAAP Operating Earnings and reflects the strength of our business and ability to deliver value across market cycles. Under this authorization, the Company may, from time to time, purchase shares of its common stock through various means including open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions (including share repurchases from AXA S.A.), forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase, or automatic share repurchase transactions, or tender offers. The $800 million share repurchase authorization expires on December 31, 2019 (unless extended) and does not obligate the company to purchase any shares. The authorization for the share repurchase program may be terminated, increased or decreased by the board of directors at any time. ABOUT AXA EQUITABLE HOLDINGS AXA Equitable Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: EQH) is one of the leading financial services companies in the U.S. and is comprised of two complementary and well-established principal franchises, AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company and AllianceBernstein. We have been helping clients prepare for their financial future since 1859 and have a combined total of more than 12,500 employees and financial professionals, 5.3 million customer relationships and $619 billion of assets under management (as of 12/31/2018).

Gulfport Energy Corporation Completes $200 Million Stock Repurchase Program and Provides 2018 Operational Update OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 17, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Gulfport Energy Corporation (NASDAQ: GPOR) ( Gulfport or the Company ) today provided an update for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2018. Key information includes the following: Completed previously announced and expanded stock repurchase program of $200 million during 2018, including deploying $90 million during the fourth quarter of 2018, acquiring 20.7 million shares and reducing shares outstanding by over 10% in 2018. Net production for the full year of 2018 averaged approximately 1,360.3 MMcfe per day. Realized natural gas price for the full year of 2018, before the impact of derivatives and including transportation costs, averaged $2.53 per Mcf, a $0.55 per Mcf differential to the average trade month NYMEX settled price. Realized oil price for the full year of 2018, before the impact of derivatives and including transportation costs, averaged $63.48 per barrel, a $1.30 per barrel differential to the average WTI oil price. Realized natural gas liquids price for the full year of 2018, before the impact of derivatives and including transportation costs, averaged $0.71 per gallon, equivalent to $29.85 per barrel, or approximately 46% of the average WTI oil price. Capital expenditures for the full year of 2018 are estimated to total approximately $813.9 million. Gulfport drilled 23 gross (19.5 net) operated wells in the Utica Shale and 13 gross (12.1 net) operated wells in the SCOOP. Gulfport turned-to-sales 35 gross and net operated wells in the Utica Shale and 15 gross (12.6 net) operated wells in the SCOOP during 2018. Completed Previously Announced Stock Repurchase Program During the fourth quarter of 2018, Gulfport repurchased 10.2 million shares and completed in full the previously announced and expanded authorized program to acquire up to $200 million of the Company's outstanding common stock during 2018. Since initiating the share repurchase program in February 2018, Gulfport repurchased 20.7 million shares and reduced its shares outstanding by over 10%. Fourth Quarter 2018 Production and Realized Prices Gulfport s net daily production for the fourth quarter of 2018 averaged approximately 1,392.8 MMcfe per day. For the fourth quarter of 2018, Gulfport s net daily production mix was comprised of approximately 91% natural gas, 6% natural gas liquids and 3% oil. Gulfport s average realized prices for the fourth quarter of 2018 were $2.40 per Mcf of natural gas, $109.01 per barrel of oil and $1.23 per gallon of NGL, resulting in a total gas equivalent price of $3.25 per Mcfe. Gulfport's average realized prices for the fourth quarter of 2018 include an aggregate non-cash derivative gain of $41.3 million. Before the impact of derivatives, realized prices for the fourth quarter of 2018, including transportation costs, were $3.16 per Mcf of natural gas, $58.45 per barrel of oil and $0.67 per gallon of NGL, for a total gas equivalent price of $3.45 per Mcfe. Gulfport s net daily production for the full year of 2018 averaged approximately 1,360.3 MMcfe per day. For the full year of 2018, Gulfport s net daily production mix was comprised of approximately 89% natural gas, 7% natural gas liquids and 4% oil. Gulfport s average realized prices for the full year of 2018 were $2.27 per Mcf of natural gas, $58.81 per barrel of oil and $0.73 per gallon of NGL, resulting in a total gas equivalent price of $2.73 per Mcfe. Gulfport's average realized prices for the full year of 2018 include an aggregate non-cash derivative loss of $65.1 million. Before the impact of derivatives, realized prices for the full-year of 2018, including transportation costs, were $2.53 per Mcf of natural gas, $63.48 per barrel of oil and $0.71 per gallon of NGL, for a total gas equivalent price of $2.98 per Mcfe. GULFPORT ENERGY CORPORATION PRODUCTION SCHEDULE (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31, December 31, Production Volumes: 2018 2017 2018 2017 Natural gas (MMcf) 116,470 103,049 443,742 350,061 Oil (MBbls) 635 730 2,801 2,579 NGL (MGal) 55,025 61,555 251,720 224,038 Gas equivalent (MMcfe) 128,139 116,225 496,505 397,543 Gas equivalent (Mcfe per day) 1,392,820 1,263,319 1,360,289 1,089,159 Average Realized Prices (before the impact of derivatives): Natural gas (per Mcf) $ 3.16 $ 2.32 $ 2.53 $ 2.42 Oil (per Bbl) $ 58.45 $ 53.71 $ 63.48 $ 48.29 NGL (per Gal) $ 0.67 $ 0.76 $ 0.71 $ 0.61 Gas equivalent (per Mcfe) $ 3.45 $ 2.80 $ 2.98 $ 2.78 Average Realized Prices (including cash-settlement of derivatives and excluding non-cash derivative gain or loss): Natural gas (per Mcf) $ 2.63 $ 2.50 $ 2.49 $ 2.49 Oil (per Bbl) $ 51.57 $ 51.93 $ 53.97 $ 49.88 NGL (per Gal) $ 0.64 $ 0.70 $ 0.66 $ 0.58 Gas equivalent (per Mcfe) $ 2.92 $ 2.91 $ 2.86 $ 2.85 Average Realized Prices: Natural gas (per Mcf) $ 2.40 $ 3.26 $ 2.27 $ 3.08 Oil (per Bbl) $ 109.01 $ 32.04 $ 58.81 $ 46.99 NGL (per Gal) $ 1.23 $ 0.63 $ 0.73 $ 0.54 Gas equivalent (per Mcfe) $ 3.25 $ 3.42 $ 2.73 $ 3.32 The table below summarizes Gulfport s 2018 production by asset area: GULFPORT ENERGY CORPORATION PRODUCTION BY AREA (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31, December 31, 2018 2017 2018 2017 Utica Shale Natural gas (MMcf) 99,277 90,374 379,417 309,450 Oil (MBbls) 65 107 299 473 NGL (MGal) 20,990 33,875 113,379 139,634 Gas equivalent (MMcfe) 102,665 95,854 397,406 332,238 SCOOP(1) Natural gas (MMcf) 17,187 12,648 64,258 40,501 Oil (MBbls) 393 401 1,710 1,083 NGL (MGal) 34,020 27,660 138,261 84,283 Gas equivalent (MMcfe) 24,406 19,008 94,268 59,038 Southern Lousiana Natural gas (MMcf) (2 ) 19 15 75 Oil (MBbls) 162 210 721 974 NGL (MGal) - - - - Gas equivalent (MMcfe) 968 1,280 4,338 5,917 Other Natural gas (MMcf) 9 8 51 35 Oil (MBbls) 15 12 72 50 NGL (MGal) 15 20 80 121 Gas equivalent (MMcfe) 100 84 493 351 (1) SCOOP 2017 production adjusted for closing date of February 17, 2017. 2018 Capital Expenditures For the year ended December 31, 2018, Gulfport estimates capital expenditures to total approximately $813.9 million. About Gulfport Gulfport is an independent natural gas and oil company focused on the exploration and development of natural gas and oil properties in North America and is one of the largest producers of natural gas in the contiguous United States. Headquartered in Oklahoma City, Gulfport holds significant acreage positions in the Utica Shale of Eastern Ohio and the SCOOP Woodford and SCOOP Springer plays in Oklahoma. In addition, Gulfport holds an acreage position along the Louisiana Gulf Coast, has an approximately 22% equity interest in Mammoth Energy Services, Inc. (NASDAQ: TUSK) and has a position in the Alberta Oil Sands in Canada through its 25% interest in Grizzly Oil Sands ULC. For more information, please visit www.gulfportenergy.com. Forward Looking Statements This press release includes forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release that address activities, events or developments that Gulfport expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, future capital expenditures (including the amount and nature thereof), business strategy and measures to implement strategy, competitive strength, goals, expansion and growth of Gulfport's business and operations, plans, market conditions, references to future success, reference to intentions as to future matters and other such matters are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by Gulfport in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. However, whether actual results and developments will conform with Gulfport's expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, general economic, market, credit or business conditions that might affect the timing and amount of the repurchase program; the opportunities (or lack thereof) that may be presented to and pursued by Gulfport; Gulfport s ability to identify, complete and integrate acquisitions of properties and businesses; competitive actions by other oil and gas companies; changes in laws or regulations; and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of Gulfport. Information concerning these and other factors can be found in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this press release are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurances that the actual results or developments anticipated by Gulfport will be realized, or even if realized, that they will have the expected consequences to or effects on Gulfport, its business or operations. Gulfport has no intention, and disclaims any obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future results or otherwise. Investor Contact: Jessica Wills Director, Investor Relations jwills@gulfportenergy.com 405-252-4550 Media Contact: Adam Weiner / Cameron Njaa Kekst CNC adam.weiner@kekstcnc.com / cameron.njaa@kekstcnc.com 212-521-4800

U.S. Army Awards Lockheed Martin Contract to Develop Sentinel A4 Radar SYRACUSE, N.Y., Sept. 27, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) has been awarded a $281 million contract by the United States Army to develop the Sentinel A4 radar system. Sentinel A4 is a high-performance modification of the Sentinel A3 (AN/MPQ-64A3) air and missile defense radar that will provide updates to improve the existing Sentinel capability against cruise missiles, unmanned aerial systems, rotary wing and fixed wing threats. (PRNewsfoto/Lockheed Martin) The new Sentinel A4 radar will provide improved surveillance, detection, and classification capabilities against current and emerging aerial threats in order to protect Army maneuver formations and high value static assets to include: command and control nodes, tactical assembly areas and geo-political centers. This needed capability will help protect our warfighters for the next 40 years. "By leveraging our open scalable radar architecture and production efforts, we believe we provide the lowest risk and best value solution for the U.S. Army that will help protect our warfighters for years to come," said Dr. Rob Smith, vice president and general manager for Lockheed Martin's Radar and Sensor Systems. "We have fielded numerous tactical Gallium Nitride (GaN) based radars beginning with the delivery of the TPS-77 Multi Role Radar to Latvia in 2018 and we are under contract with the Army to insert GaN into the Q-53 system."Proven Radar ExperienceWith broad and deep experience developing and delivering ground-based radar solutions to our customers, our high-performing, high-reliability, solid state radar (SSR) systems specialize in counter target acquisition, early warning, situational awareness, and integrated air and missile defense. Our radars are designed with the highest degree of commonality and fully integrated SSR systems. They can operate in all environments, are available in highly mobile configurations and are deployed worldwide. It's why Lockheed Martin's ground-based radars are the choice of more than 45 nations on six continents.About Lockheed MartinHeadquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, Lockheed Martin is a global security and aerospace company that employs approximately 105,000 people worldwide and is principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services.SOURCE Lockheed Martin Related Links http://www.lockheedmartin.com

Prostate Cancer Market Size Anticipated to Increase with a CAGR of 8.1% in the 7MM for the Study Period 2017-30 LAS VEGAS, June 9, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- As per DelveInsight's analysis, Prostate Cancer Market Size in the 7MM is anticipated to grow in the coming decade owing to increasing prostate cancer prevalence, rich pipeline, incremental healthcare spending and over a dozen of pharma companies working to fuel the market growth. DelveInsight has announced the addition of a new market research report - Prostate cancer Market Insight, Epidemiology and Market Forecast -2030 to its portfolio. Key Highlights The total Prostate Cancer prevalent cases in the 7MM were observed to be 6,742,385 in 2017, and are expected to increase during the study period (2017 2030). The US accounted for the highest number of Prostate Cancer prevalent cases, which is expected to increase by 2030. Among all the treatment modalities, Zytiga (abiraterone acetate) and Xtandi (enzalutamide) are the cornerstone treatments of mCRPC. The overall Prostate Cancer Market Size in the 7MM is anticipated to increase by 2030 owing to positive results of investigational products and a robust pipeline. Key companies like AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Novartis, Myovant Sciences, Janssen Research & Development, Hinova Pharmaceuticals USA, Hoffmann-La Roche, Pfizer/Astellas Pharma, Clovis Oncology, Advantagene or Candel Therapeutics, and Merck Sharp & Dohme and several other investigating their key products for the management of prostate cancer. Request for Sample Pages: https://www.delveinsight.com/sample-request/prostate-cancer-market Disease Overview A malignancy of the prostate gland, Prostate cancer is the fourth most commonly prevalent form of cancer globally and the third most prevalent form in the US. Prostate Cancer Epidemiology The epidemiology forecast model of Prostate Cancer for the 7MM is based on the analysis of the prevalent and diagnosed prevalent cases of prostate cancer. Latter is further segmented into prostate cancer cases by age, clinical stages at diagnosis, non-metastatic and metastatic cases of HSPC/CSPC, and CRPC, and treated pool of non-metastatic and metastatic HSPC/CSPC and CRPC. The Prostate Cancer epidemiology for 7MM for the study period of 2017-30 is segmented into: Age-Specific Cases of Prostate Cancer Total Treated Cases of mHSPC/CSPC and CRPC Total Non-Metastatic and Metastatic Cases of CSPC/HSPC and CRPC Total Diagnosed Cases of Prostate Cancer Total Diagnosed Cases of Prostate Cancer patients by Clinical Stages Total Treated cases of Non-Metastatic CSPC/HSPC and CRPC As per the DelveInsight's Prostate Cancer Market Report, Prostate cancer is frequently diagnosed among men of the age group 65 74 years. Most of the cases of clinical-stage wise Prostate Cancer were of localized stage that accounted approximately 60% of the total diagnosed prevalent cases of prostate cancer in 2017. Prostate Cancer Market Prostate Cancer Market has several treatment options available to treat this condition in the 7MM, such as Active surveillance, Radiation therapy, Radical Prostatectomy (RP), Hormone therapy, Chemotherapy, and Immunotherapy. Prostate Cancer Market comprises of Jevtana (cabazitaxel) in combination with prednisone, Zytiga in combination with prednisone, after or before docetaxel therapy for different forms of cancer. Recently, at 54th virtual meeting of ASCO, the results from the study sponsored by Bayer evaluating NUBEQA (darolutamide) plus androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) demonstrated significantly improve overall survival (OS) compared to ADT alone, in men with non-metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (nmCRPC). Prostate Cancer has a high curable rate if detected early; despite considerable progress in the development of novel therapeutic interventions, the introduction of effective diagnostic still lags. Therefore, the establishment of better diagnostic tools is needed. Among the 7MM countries, the highest market size of Prostate Cancer was occupied by the United States, followed by Germany in Europe and Japan in 2017. The Prostate Cancer Market is segmented by Distribution of Prostate Cancer in 2017 and 2030, size of the market by types of prostate cancer, therapy wise market size of castrate-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC), and therapy wise market size of castration-sensitive prostate cancer (CSPC). Prostate Cancer Marketed Drugs Xofigo (radium Ra 223 dichloride): Bayer Health Care Xtandi (Enzalutamide): Astellas Pharma Prolia (denosumab): Amgen Erleada (apalutamide): Janssen Pharmaceutical Jevtana (Cabazitaxel): Sanofi Nubeqa (Darolutamide/ODM-201): Bayer HealthCare/Orion Corporation Prostate Cancer Emerging Drugs Lynparza: Pre-registration Rucaparib: Pre-registration Opdivo (nivolumab): Phase III 177Lu-PSMA-617: Phase III Niraparib Abiraterone Acetate: Phase III HC-1119 (Deuterated form of enzalutamide): Phase III Ipatasertib (RG7440) + Abiraterone Acetate: Phase III Talazoparib Enzalutamide: Phase III ProstAtak (AdV-tk) + valacyclovir: Phase III Relugolix: Phase III Capivasertib: Phase II Seviteronel: Phase II PRX302 (topsalysin) Phase II RV001: Phase II At present, several companies have indulged themselves in initiating clinical trials that investigate new treatments options or studying how to use existing treatment options better. The current developmental Prostate Cancer pipeline is very robust including late- phase diverse group of drug classes such as PARPi, PD-L1i, AKTi. Besides, a strong pipeline, uptake of potential emerging therapies with better clinical profile, specially targeting the mutations like PARP inhibitors (i.e. BRCA mutation) are major factors driving the Prostate Cancer Market forward. Furthermore, due to an increase in the demand for the better treatment due to the rising Prostate Cancer prevalence, rising geriatric population, incremental healthcare spending, and rising awareness of the disease are other market drivers behind the changing dynamics of the Prostate Cancer market that is anticipated to change by 2030. Conclusively, the positive results of investigational products and a robust pipeline for Prostate Cancer will bring a positive ray of hope for a better treatment pattern in the market in the coming years. The current scenario also anticipates a positive shift in the market for a study period (2017 2030). Click to know more about the report offerings: https://www.delveinsight.com/report-store/prostate-cancer-market Scope of the Report Market Segmentation: 7MM, By Geographies, By therapies Geography Covered: The United States, EU5 (Germany, Spain, Italy, France, and the United Kingdom), and Japan Study Period: 3-year historical and 11-year forecasted analysis Companies Covered: AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Novartis, Myovant Sciences, Janssen Research & Development, Hinova Pharmaceuticals USA, Hoffmann-La Roche, Pfizer/Astellas Pharma, Clovis Oncology, Advantagene or Candel Therapeutics, and Merck Sharp & Dohme and others. Comparative Analysis: Comparative and conjoint analysis of emerging therapies. Case Studies KOL's Views Reason to purchase Bespoke primary and secondary research 24*7 post-sale customer support Option for customizing and personalizing research reports as per needs Table of Contents 1 Key Insights 2 Executive Summary of Prostate Cancer 3 SWOT Analysis of Prostate Cancer 4 Prostate Cancer Market Overview at a Glance 5 Prostate Cancer Disease Background and Overview 6 Prostate Cancer Diagnosis 7 Prostate Cancer Epidemiology and Patient Population 8 Country-wise Prostate Cancer Epidemiology 9 Current Prostate Cancer Treatment Practices 10 Guideline of Prostate Cancer 11 Unmet Needs of Prostate Cancer 12 Prostate Cancer Marketed Therapies 13 Prostate Cancer Emerging Therapies 14 Prostate Cancer Seven Major Market Analysis 15 7MM Prostate Cancer Market Size 16 Prostate Cancer Market Access and Reimbursement 17 Prostate Cancer Market Drivers 18 Prostate Cancer Market Barriers 19 Appendix 20 DelveInsight Capabilities 21 Disclaimer 23 About DelveInsight Request for a WebEx demonstration of the report: https://www.delveinsight.com/report-store/prostate-cancer-market Related Reports: Metastatic Hormone Refractory Prostate Cancer- Market Insight, Epidemiology and Market Forecast -2030 DelveInsight's "Metastatic Hormone Refractory Prostate Cancer - Market Insights, Epidemiology, and Market Forecast-2030" report delivers an in-depth understanding of the Metastatic Hormone Refractory Prostate Cancer, historical and forecasted epidemiology as well as the Metastatic Hormone Refractory Prostate Cancer market trends in the 7MM. Castrate-Sensitive Prostate Cancer (CSPC) - Market Insights, Epidemiology and Market Forecast 2030 DelveInsight's 'Castrate-Sensitive Prostate Cancer (CSPC) Market Insights, Epidemiology and Market Forecast - 2030' report delivers an in-depth understanding of the CSPC, historical and forecasted epidemiology as well as the CSPC market trends in the 7MM. Castrate-resistant Prostate Cancer (CRPC) - Market Insights, Epidemiology and Market Forecast 2030 DelveInsight's 'Castrate-resistant Prostate Cancer (CRPC) -Market Insights, Epidemiology and Market Forecast - 2030' report delivers an in-depth understanding of the CRPC, historical and forecasted epidemiology as well as the CRPC market trends the 7MM. About DelveInsight DelveInsight is a premier Business Consulting and Market Research firm focused exclusively on the life science segment. With a wide array of smart end-to-end solutions, the firm helps the global Pharmaceutical, Bio-Tech and Medical devices companies formulate prudent business decisions for improving their performances to stay ahead of the competitors. Get in touch for customizable solutions. Contact us:Shruti Thakur[email protected] +91-9650213330DelveInsight SOURCE DelveInsight Business Research, LLP

Altair Acquires SIMSOLID Game-Changing Simulation Technology for Designers, Design Engineers, and Simulation Analysts TROY, Mich., Oct. 17, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Altair (Nasdaq: ALTR) has acquired SIMSOLID , a company founded by asking a simple question: Why does the geometry used in the Design and Structural Simulation worlds have to be so different? SIMSOLID works on full-fidelity CAD assemblies to provide fast, accurate, and robust structural simulation without requiring geometry simplification, cleanup, or meshing. Its underlying technology is based largely on the work of Dr. Victor Apanovitch, a former professor at Belarus Polytechnic University and the cofounder of SIMSOLID Corporation. We believe SIMSOLID is a revolutionary technological breakthrough which will have a profound impact for product design, said James Scapa, Altair s Founder, Chairman, and CEO, It s incredibly fast, accurate, and robust and we believe a game changer for our industry. The SIMSOLID computational engine is a commercial implementation of novel and unpublished mathematics based on extensions to the theory of external approximations. SIMSOLID controls solution accuracy using multi-pass adaptive analysis, making it extremely fast and memory efficient. Large and complex assemblies can be solved rapidly even on laptop computers. Dr. Uwe Schramm, Altair s Chief Technical Officer, notes that, We are very serious about solution accuracy. Others have tried to accelerate the interface between CAD and simulation by degrading the mathematical robustness. It is our feeling that by rapidly moving forward with the methods in SIMSOLID and expanding them across applications we can have a real effect on how design gets done while maintaining our high standards for computational excellence. To learn more about SIMSOLID, hear executives and technologists discuss more in a video, and register for an upcoming introductory SIMSOLID webinar or contact a regional representative at www.altair.com/SIMSOLID . About Altair (Nasdaq: ALTR) Altair transforms design and decision making by applying simulation, machine learning and optimization throughout product lifecycles. Our broad portfolio of simulation technology and patented units-based software licensing model enable Simulation-Driven Innovation for our customers. With more than 2,000 employees, Altair is headquartered in Troy, Michigan, USA and operates 71 offices throughout 24 countries. Altair serves more than 5,000 customers across broad industry segments. To learn more, please visit www.altair.com . Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to, statements regarding our business outlook, potential growth, market positioning and future investments, and our reconciliations of projected non-GAAP financial measures. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this release and are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections as well as the beliefs and assumptions of management. Words such as expect, anticipate, should, believe, hope, target, project, goals, estimate, potential, predict, may, will, might, could, intend, variations of these terms or the negative of these terms and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond Altair s control. Altair s actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including but not limited to, risks detailed in Altair s quarterly and annual reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as well as other documents that may be filed by the Company from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. The forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Altair s views as of the date of this press release. The Company anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its views to change. Altair undertakes no intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Altair s views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. Media Contacts Altair: Corporate / Americas/ Asia Pacific Biba A. Bedi +1.248.614.2400 x 392 biba@altair.com Altair Europe/ The Middle East/Africa Evelyn Gebhardt +49 6421 9684351 gebhardt@bluegecko-marketing.de

ScottsMiracle-Gro Announces Third Quarter Financial Results, Increased Fiscal 2020 Guidance and Approval of Special Dividend NYSE:SMG Company-wide third quarter sales increase 28% including Hawthorne growth of 72% U.S. Consumer sales increase 21% in Q3; Retailer POS up 23% year-to-date Q3 GAAP EPS increases 13% to $3.57; Non-GAAP adjusted EPS up 22% to $3.80 Guidance for fiscal 2020 company-wide sales growth increased to a range of 26 to 28% Fiscal 2020 non-GAAP adjusted EPS guidance raised to a range of $6.65 to $6.85 Non-GAAP free cash flow guidance increased to approximately $400 million Board of Directors approves $5 per share special dividend; increases regular quarterly dividend payment by 7% MARYSVILLE, Ohio, July 29, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (NYSE: SMG), the world s leading marketer of branded consumer lawn and garden as well as indoor and hydroponic growing products, today announced the continued strength of both its U.S. Consumer and Hawthorne segments led to 28 percent company-wide sales growth and a 22 percent improvement in non-GAAP adjusted earnings in the fiscal third quarter. The continued strength of the business in fiscal 2020 prompted the Company to increase its guidance for full-year sales, adjusted earnings and free cash flow which is defined as operating cash flow minus capital expenditures. Separately, ScottsMiracle-Gro said its Board of Directors approved payment of a special dividend of $5 per share and increased its regular quarterly dividend by 7 percent to $0.62 per share. Both dividends are payable September 10 to shareholders of record on August 27. Our results this year continue to exceed our most optimistic expectations and are a testament to the critical nature of the categories in which we compete, the commitment of our retail partners, and the loyalty of the consumers and cultivators who rely on our products for their success, said Jim Hagedorn, chairman and chief executive officer. As we enter the final weeks of fiscal 2020 and prepare for the start of our next fiscal year, we remain optimistic about the strength of our business as well as our ability to continue to enhance shareholder value. As we enjoy a year of unprecedented success, it is appropriate for our associates, communities and shareholders to reap the benefit as well. With the support of our Board, we have decided to make special one-time payments later this year to nearly 3,000 hourly and salaried associates who do not participate in our bonus plans, but played a critical role in our success this year. We also will enhance bonus payments to another nearly 1,500 eligible associates who do participate in incentive plans. In addition, we plan to double our charitable contributions to benefit the communities we serve. Shareholders also will benefit from a special dividend payment of $5 per share, which is consistent with our long-standing commitment to return cash to shareholders as well as the Board s decision to increase our regular quarterly dividend. Third quarter details For the period ended June 27, 2020, company-wide sales increased 28 percent to $1.49 billion. U.S. Consumer increased 21 percent to $1.08 billion from $889.1 million. Hawthorne sales increased 72 percent to $302.9 million compared with $176.3 million. Segment income increased 14 percent for U.S. Consumer to $310.5 million and 145 percent for Hawthorne to $41.1 million. In our U.S. Consumer segment, we saw significant acceleration of consumer engagement beginning in May that continues as we speak, Hagedorn said. Consumer purchases entering August are up 23 percent at our largest four retail partners and we ve seen increases in every product category. We especially have benefitted from a more than 40 percent increase in branded soils and even higher gains in consumer purchases for most of our Ortho insect control business. We also continued to see strong third quarter growth at Hawthorne in every product category and geography. The team at Hawthorne has done an outstanding job this year achieving significantly higher-than-expected growth while also exceeding our operating margin targets. For the quarter, the company-wide GAAP and non-GAAP adjusted gross margin rates were 35.3 percent and 36.1 percent respectively. Both compare to 36.2 percent in the prior year. The declines were due primarily to the timing of a payment made to the Company in the third quarter of 2019 related to the Company s role as marketing agent for Roundup. A payment of a similar amount was made to the Company during the second quarter of 2020 and therefore has no impact on the gross margin rate for the full year. SG&A increased 43 percent to $237.7 million primarily due to higher accruals for annual incentive compensation payments, the payment of one-time bonuses for non-incentive eligible associates, and increased marketing investment. Interest expense decreased $5.6 million on a year-over-year basis to $20.3 million, reflecting lower interest rates and borrowing levels. The Company said its debt-to-EBITDA ratio at the end of the quarter was approximately 2.8 times. GAAP income from continuing operations was $204.3 million, or $3.57 per diluted share, compared with $178.0 million, or $3.15 per diluted share, in the prior year. Non-GAAP adjusted earnings, which excluded impairment, restructuring, as well as other one-time items, were $216.8 million, or $3.80 per diluted share, compared with $176.3 million, or $3.11 per diluted share. Year-to-Date Details Company-wide sales for the first nine months increased 22 percent to $3.24 billion compared with $2.66 billion a year ago. Sales in the U.S. Consumer segment increased 15 percent, to $2.33 billion. Hawthorne sales increased 59 percent to $731.7 million. The GAAP gross margin rate on a year-to-date basis was 34.9 percent. The non-GAAP adjusted rate was 35.4 percent. These compare with 35.0 and 35.1 percent, respectively, last year. SG&A was $553.1 million, a 20 percent increase from 2019. The reasons for the year-to-date increase are consistent with the factors that drove third quarter results. Interest expense decreased $17 million to $63.0 million. Other non-operating income decreased to $7.3 million due to a 2019 pre-tax gain of $259.8 million related to the Company s divestiture of its minority ownership of TruGreen. GAAP income from continuing operations was $382.8 million, or $6.74 per diluted share, compared with $492.3 million, or $8.78 per diluted share, in prior year. Non-GAAP adjusted earnings, which excluded impairment, restructuring, as well as the other one-time items, were $408.2 million, or $7.20 per diluted share, compared with $302.5 million, or $5.39 per diluted share, a year ago. Full-year outlook The Company s newly revised sales guidance of 26 to 28 percent growth assumes the U.S. Consumer segment grows 20 to 22 percent in fiscal 2020 and Hawthorne sales increase 55 to 60 percent. Entering June, the Company said it expected U.S. Consumer sales to increase 9 to11 percent in fiscal 2020 and Hawthorne to increase 45 to 50 percent. The revised guidance for non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share of $6.65 to $6.85 compares with the June forecast of $5.65 to $5.85 per share. The Company said it expected non-GAAP free cash flow of approximately $400 million, up from approximately $350 million earlier. The growth we saw in June and July clearly exceeded our expectations as we have seen unprecedented levels of consumer engagement later in the summer than normal, said Randy Coleman, executive vice president and chief financial officer. The entire team has done a tremendous job all year navigating these unusual times. In addition to our better-than-expected operating results, we ve also further strengthened our balance sheet, giving us the financial flexibility to return cash to shareholders and pursue investments in future growth while also keeping our leverage in line with our long-term targets. Conference Call and Webcast Scheduled for 9 a.m. ET Today, July 29 The Company will discuss results during a webcast and conference call today at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. Conference call participants should call 800-263-0877 (Conference Code: 3918971). A live webcast of the call will be available on the investor relations section of the Company's website at http://investor.scotts.com . An archive of the webcast will remain available for at least 12 months. In addition, a replay of the call can be heard by calling 888-203-1112. The replay will be available for 15 days. About ScottsMiracle-Gro With approximately $3.2 billion in sales, the Company is one of the world's largest marketers of branded consumer products for lawn and garden care. The Company's brands are among the most recognized in the industry. The Company's Scotts , Miracle-Gro and Ortho brands are market-leading in their categories. The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, The Hawthorne Gardening Company, is a leading provider of nutrients, lighting and other materials used in the indoor and hydroponic growing segment. For additional information, visit us at www.scottsmiraclegro.com . Forward Looking Non-GAAP Measures In this release, the Company presents its updated outlook for fiscal 2020 non-GAAP adjusted EPS. The Company does not provide a GAAP EPS outlook, which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to non-GAAP adjusted EPS, because changes in the items that the Company excludes from GAAP EPS to calculate non-GAAP adjusted EPS, described above, can be dependent on future events that are less capable of being controlled or reliably predicted by management and are not part of the Company s routine operating activities. Additionally, due to their unpredictability, management does not forecast the excluded items for internal use and therefore cannot create or rely on a GAAP EPS outlook without unreasonable efforts. The timing and amount of any of the excluded items could significantly impact the Company s GAAP EPS. As a result, the Company does not provide a reconciliation of guidance for non-GAAP adjusted EPS to GAAP EPS, in reliance on the unreasonable efforts exception provided under Item 10(e)(1)(i)(B) of Regulation S-K. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Statements contained in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, which address activities, events and developments that the Company expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including, but not limited to, information regarding the future economic performance and financial condition of the Company, the plans and objectives of the Company s management, and the Company s assumptions regarding such performance and plans are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified as statements that include phrases such as guidance, outlook, projected, believe, target, predict, estimate, forecast, strategy, may, goal, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, foresee, likely, will, should or other similar words or phrases. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information in this release due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operation, financial condition and/or cash flows; Compliance with environmental and other public health regulations or changes in such regulations or regulatory enforcement priorities could increase the Company s costs of doing business or limit the Company s ability to market all of its products; Damage to the Company s reputation or the reputation of its products or products it markets on behalf of third parties could have an adverse effect on its business; The highly competitive nature of the Company s markets could adversely affect its ability to maintain or grow revenues; If the Company is unable to effectively execute its e-commerce business, its reputation and operating results may be harmed; Because of the concentration of the Company s sales to a small number of retail customers, the loss of one or more of, or significant reduction in orders from, its top customers could adversely affect the Company s financial results; Climate change and unfavorable weather conditions could adversely impact financial results; Certain of the Company s products may be purchased for use in new or emerging industries or segments and/or be subject to varying, inconsistent, and rapidly changing laws, regulations, administrative practices, enforcement approaches, judicial interpretations and consumer perceptions; The Company s operations may be impaired if its information technology systems fail to perform adequately or if it is the subject of a data breach or cyber-attack; The Company may not be able to adequately protect its intellectual property and other proprietary rights that are material to the Company s business; In the event the Third Restated Marketing Agreement for consumer Roundup products terminates, or Monsanto s consumer Roundup business materially declines the Company would lose a substantial source of future earnings and overhead expense absorption; Hagedorn Partnership, L.P. beneficially owns approximately 26% of the Company s common shares and can significantly influence decisions that require the approval of shareholders; Acquisitions, other strategic alliances and investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact the Company s business and results of operations. Additional detailed information concerning a number of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information contained in this release is readily available in the Company s publicly filed quarterly, annual and other reports. The Company disclaims any obligation to update developments of these risk factors or to announce publicly any revision to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this release, or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments. Contact: Jim King Executive Vice President Investor Relations & Corporate Affairs (937) 578-5622 THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (In millions, except for per common share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Footnotes June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 % Change June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 % Change Net sales $ 1,492.7 $ 1,170.3 28 % $ 3,241.3 $ 2,658.3 22 % Cost of sales 954.3 747.0 2,094.9 1,724.8 Cost of sales impairment, restructuring and other 11.7 (0.1 ) 15.3 3.4 Gross profit 526.7 423.4 24 % 1,131.1 930.1 22 % % of sales 35.3 % 36.2 % 34.9 % 35.0 % Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 237.7 166.4 43 % 553.1 462.4 20 % Impairment, restructuring and other 4.2 0.6 2.0 4.3 Other (income) expense, net 0.3 (1.8 ) 0.4 (0.1 ) Income from operations 284.5 258.2 10 % 575.6 463.5 24 % % of sales 19.1 % 22.1 % 17.8 % 17.4 % Equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates (3.3 ) Costs related to refinancing 15.1 Interest expense 20.3 25.9 63.0 80.0 Other non-operating income, net (1.9 ) (5.1 ) (7.3 ) (268.2 ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes 266.1 237.4 12 % 504.8 655.0 (23) % Income tax expense from continuing operations 61.8 59.4 122.0 162.7 Income from continuing operations 204.3 178.0 15 % 382.8 492.3 (22) % Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (1.0 ) 23.6 1.6 26.1 Net income $ 203.3 $ 201.6 $ 384.4 $ 518.4 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (0.5 ) 0.1 (0.9 ) 0.2 Net income attributable to controlling interest $ 202.8 $ 201.7 $ 383.5 $ 518.6 Basic income (loss) per common share: (1) Income from continuing operations $ 3.67 $ 3.21 14 % $ 6.86 $ 8.89 (23) % Income (loss) from discontinued operations (0.02 ) 0.42 0.03 0.47 Net income $ 3.65 $ 3.63 $ 6.89 $ 9.36 Diluted income (loss) per common share: (2) Income from continuing operations $ 3.57 $ 3.15 13 % $ 6.74 $ 8.78 (23) % Income (loss) from discontinued operations (0.02 ) 0.41 0.02 0.46 Net income $ 3.55 $ 3.56 $ 6.76 $ 9.24 Common shares used in basic income (loss) per share calculation 55.6 55.5 % 55.7 55.4 1 % Common shares and potential common shares used in diluted income (loss) per share calculation 57.1 56.6 1 % 56.7 56.1 1 % Non-GAAP results: Adjusted net income attributable to controlling interest from continuing operations (3) $ 216.8 $ 176.3 23 % $ 408.2 $ 302.5 35 % Adjusted diluted income per common share from continuing operations (2) (3) $ 3.80 $ 3.11 22 % $ 7.20 $ 5.39 34 % Adjusted EBITDA (3) $ 345.1 $ 293.5 18 % $ 704.7 $ 573.7 23 % Note: See accompanying footnotes on page 10. THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY Segment Results (In millions) (Unaudited) The Company divides its business into three reportable segments: U.S. Consumer, Hawthorne and Other. U.S. Consumer consists of the Company s consumer lawn and garden business located in the geographic United States. Hawthorne consists of the Company s indoor, urban and hydroponic gardening business. Other consists of the Company s consumer lawn and garden business in geographies other than the U.S. and the Company s product sales to commercial nurseries, greenhouses and other professional customers. In addition, Corporate consists of general and administrative expenses and certain other income/expense items not allocated to the business segments. This identification of reportable segments is consistent with how the segments report to and are managed by the chief operating decision maker of the Company. The performance of each reportable segment is evaluated based on several factors, including income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, amortization, impairment, restructuring and other charges ( Segment Profit (Loss) ), which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Senior management uses Segment Profit (Loss) to evaluate segment performance because they believe this measure is indicative of performance trends and the overall earnings potential of each segment. The following tables present financial information for the Company s reportable segments for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 % Change June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 % Change Net Sales: U.S. Consumer $ 1,075.8 $ 889.1 21 % $ 2,325.9 $ 2,019.5 15 % Hawthorne 302.9 176.3 72 % 731.7 461.1 59 % Other 114.0 104.9 9 % 183.7 177.7 3 % Consolidated $ 1,492.7 $ 1,170.3 28 % $ 3,241.3 $ 2,658.3 22 % Segment Profit (Loss) (Non-GAAP): U.S. Consumer $ 310.5 $ 271.5 14 % $ 641.9 $ 548.5 17 % Hawthorne 41.1 16.8 145 % 80.5 31.6 155 % Other 14.4 13.2 9 % 14.8 13.0 14 % Total Segment Profit (Non-GAAP) 366.0 301.5 21 % 737.2 593.1 24 % Corporate (57.8 ) (34.4 ) (120.7 ) (96.7 ) Intangible asset amortization (7.8 ) (8.4 ) (23.6 ) (25.2 ) Impairment, restructuring and other (15.9 ) (0.5 ) (17.3 ) (7.7 ) Equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates 3.3 Costs related to refinancing (15.1 ) Interest expense (20.3 ) (25.9 ) (63.0 ) (80.0 ) Other non-operating income, net 1.9 5.1 7.3 268.2 Income from continuing operations before income taxes (GAAP) $ 266.1 $ 237.4 12 % $ 504.8 $ 655.0 (23) % THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (In millions) (Unaudited) Footnotes June 27, 2020 June 29, 2019 September 30, 2019 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 48.3 $ 36.4 $ 18.8 Accounts receivable, net 1,147.9 746.9 308.4 Inventories 493.1 533.7 540.3 Prepaid and other current assets 89.5 72.9 174.2 Total current assets 1,778.8 1,389.9 1,041.7 Property, plant and equipment, net 533.2 506.7 546.0 Goodwill 540.0 541.9 538.7 Intangible assets, net 685.3 831.1 707.5 Other assets (4) 339.5 197.8 194.8 Total assets $ 3,876.8 $ 3,467.4 $ 3,028.7 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of debt $ 206.4 $ 363.2 $ 128.1 Accounts payable 310.5 222.6 214.2 Other current liabilities (4) 589.8 369.6 278.2 Total current liabilities 1,106.7 955.4 620.5 Long-term debt 1,516.0 1,563.5 1,523.5 Other liabilities (4) 250.2 143.3 161.5 Total liabilities 2,872.9 2,662.2 2,305.5 Equity 1,003.9 805.2 723.2 Total liabilities and equity $ 3,876.8 $ 3,467.4 $ 3,028.7 THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Disclosure Items (3) (In millions, except per common share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended June 27, 2020 Three Months Ended June 29, 2019 As Reported (GAAP) Discontinued Operations Impairment, Restructuring and Other Other Non-Operating Adjusted (Non- GAAP) As Reported (GAAP) Discontinued Operations Impairment, Restructuring and Other Other Non- Operating Adjusted (Non- GAAP) Gross profit $ 526.7 $ $ (11.7 ) $ $ 538.4 $ 423.4 $ $ 0.1 $ $ 423.3 Gross profit as a % of sales 35.3 % 36.1 % 36.2 % 36.2 % Income from operations 284.5 (15.9 ) 300.4 258.2 (0.5 ) 258.7 Income from operations as a % of sales 19.1 % 20.1 % 22.1 % 22.1 % Income from continuing operations before income taxes 266.1 (15.9 ) (0.8 ) 282.8 237.4 (0.5 ) 2.9 235.0 Income tax expense from continuing operations 61.8 (3.5 ) (0.2 ) 65.5 59.4 (0.1 ) 0.7 58.8 Income from continuing operations 204.3 (12.4 ) (0.6 ) 217.3 178.0 (0.4 ) 2.2 176.2 Net income attributable to controlling interest 202.8 (1.0 ) (12.4 ) (0.6 ) 216.8 201.7 23.6 (0.4 ) 2.2 176.3 Diluted income per common share from continuing operations 3.57 (0.22 ) (0.01 ) 3.80 3.15 (0.01 ) 0.04 3.11 Calculation of Adjusted EBITDA (3): Three Months Ended June 27, 2020 Three Months Ended June 29, 2019 Net income (GAAP) $ 203.3 $ 201.6 Income tax expense from continuing operations 61.8 59.4 Income tax expense (benefit) from discontinued operations (1.0 ) 7.3 Interest expense 20.3 25.9 Depreciation 15.3 13.8 Amortization 7.8 8.4 Impairment, restructuring and other charges from continuing operations 15.9 0.5 Impairment, restructuring and other charges (recoveries) from discontinued operations (30.9 ) Other non-operating (income) expense, net 0.8 (2.9 ) Interest income (1.9 ) (1.9 ) Expense on certain leases 0.9 Share-based compensation expense 22.8 11.4 Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) $ 345.1 $ 293.5 Note: See accompanying footnotes on page 10. The sum of the components may not equal due to rounding. THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Disclosure Items (3) (In millions, except per common share data) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended June 27, 2020 Nine Months Ended June 29, 2019 As Reported (GAAP) Discontinued Operations Impairment, Restructuring and Other Costs Related to Refinancing Other Non-Operating Adjusted (Non- GAAP) As Reported (GAAP) Discontinued Operations Impairment, Restructuring and Other Other Non- Operating Adjusted (Non- GAAP) Gross profit $ 1,131.1 $ $ (15.3 ) $ $ $ 1,146.4 $ 930.1 $ $ (3.4 ) $ $ 933.5 Gross profit as a % of sales 34.9 % 35.4 % 35.0 % 35.1 % Income from operations 575.6 (17.3 ) 592.9 463.5 (7.7 ) 471.2 Income from operations as a % of sales 17.8 % 18.3 % 17.4 % 17.7 % Income from continuing operations before income taxes 504.8 (17.3 ) (15.1 ) (0.8 ) 538.0 655.0 (7.7 ) 260.2 402.5 Income tax expense from continuing operations 122.0 (2.3 ) (4.4 ) (0.2 ) 128.9 162.7 (2.1 ) 64.6 100.2 Income from continuing operations 382.8 (15.0 ) (10.7 ) (0.6 ) 409.1 492.3 (5.6 ) 195.6 302.3 Net income attributable to controlling interest 383.5 1.6 (15.0 ) (10.7 ) (0.6 ) 408.2 518.6 26.1 (5.6 ) 195.6 302.5 Diluted income per common share from continuing operations 6.74 (0.26 ) (0.19 ) (0.01 ) 7.20 8.78 (0.10 ) 3.49 5.39 Calculation of Adjusted EBITDA (3): Nine Months Ended June 27, 2020 Nine Months Ended June 29, 2019 Net income (GAAP) $ 384.4 $ 518.4 Income tax expense from continuing operations 122.0 162.7 Income tax expense from discontinued operations 9.6 Costs related to refinancing 15.1 Interest expense 63.0 80.0 Depreciation 45.4 41.8 Amortization 23.6 25.2 Impairment, restructuring and other charges from continuing operations 17.3 7.7 Impairment, restructuring and other charges (recoveries) from discontinued operations (3.1 ) (35.8 ) Other non-operating (income) expense, net 0.8 (260.2 ) Interest income (5.6 ) (6.7 ) Expense on certain leases 2.6 Share-based compensation expense 41.8 28.4 Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) $ 704.7 $ 573.7 Note: See accompanying footnotes on page 10. The sum of the components may not equal due to rounding. THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY Footnotes to Preceding Financial Statements Basic income (loss) per common share amounts are calculated by dividing income (loss) attributable to controlling interest from continuing operations, income (loss) from discontinued operations and net income (loss) attributable to controlling interest by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income (loss) per common share amounts are calculated by dividing income (loss) attributable to controlling interest from continuing operations, income (loss) from discontinued operations and net income (loss) attributable to controlling interest by the weighted average number of common shares, plus all potential dilutive securities (common stock options, performance shares, performance units, restricted stock and restricted stock units) outstanding during the period. Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures Use of Non-GAAP Measures To supplement the financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), the Company uses non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are shown in the tables above. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures reported in accordance with GAAP. Moreover, these non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all the items associated with the operations of the business as determined in accordance with GAAP. Other companies may calculate similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures differently than the Company, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. In addition to GAAP measures, management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate the Company s performance, engage in financial and operational planning and determine incentive compensation because it believes that these measures provide additional perspective on and, in some circumstances are more closely correlated to, the performance of the Company s underlying, ongoing business. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors in their assessment of operating performance and the valuation of the Company. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures address questions routinely received from analysts and investors and, in order to ensure that all investors have access to the same data, management has determined that it is appropriate to make this data available to all investors. Non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of certain items (as further described below) and provide supplemental information regarding operating performance. By disclosing these non-GAAP financial measures, management intends to provide investors with a supplemental comparison of operating results and trends for the periods presented. Management believes these measures are also useful to investors as such measures allow investors to evaluate performance using the same metrics that management uses to evaluate past performance and prospects for future performance. Management views free cash flow as an important measure because it is one factor used in determining the amount of cash available for dividends and discretionary investment. Management views free cash flow productivity as a useful measure to help investors understand the Company s ability to generate cash. Exclusions from Non-GAAP Financial Measures Non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items: Impairments, which are excluded because they do not occur in or reflect the ordinary course of the Company s ongoing business operations and their exclusion results in a metric that provides supplemental information about the sustainability of operating performance. Restructuring and employee severance costs, which include charges for discrete projects or transactions that fundamentally change the Company s operations and are excluded because they are not part of the ongoing operations of its underlying business, which includes normal levels of reinvestment in the business. Costs related to refinancing, which are excluded because they do not typically occur in the normal course of business and may obscure analysis of trends and financial performance. Additionally, the amount and frequency of these types of charges is not consistent and is significantly impacted by the timing and size of debt financing transactions. Discontinued operations and other unusual items, which include costs or gains related to discrete projects or transactions and are excluded because they are not comparable from one period to the next and are not part of the ongoing operations of the Company s underlying business. The tax effect for each of the items listed above is determined using the tax rate and other tax attributes applicable to the item and the jurisdiction(s) in which the item is recorded. Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The reconciliations of non-GAAP disclosure items include the following financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP and are utilized by management in evaluating the performance of the business, engaging in financial and operational planning, the determination of incentive compensation, and by investors and analysts in evaluating performance of the business: Adjusted gross profit: Gross profit excluding impairment, restructuring and other charges / recoveries. Adjusted income (loss) from operations: Income (loss) from operations excluding impairment, restructuring and other charges / recoveries. Adjusted income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes: Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes excluding impairment, restructuring and other charges / recoveries and costs related to refinancing. Adjusted income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations: Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations excluding the tax effect of impairment, restructuring and other charges / recoveries and costs related to refinancing. Adjusted income (loss) from continuing operations: Income (loss) from continuing operations excluding impairment, restructuring and other charges / recoveries and costs related to refinancing, each net of tax. Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to controlling interest from continuing operations: Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interest excluding impairment, restructuring and other charges / recoveries, costs related to refinancing and discontinued operations, each net of tax. Adjusted diluted income (loss) per common share from continuing operations: Diluted net income (loss) per common share from continuing operations excluding impairment, restructuring and other charges / recoveries and costs related to refinancing, each net of tax. Adjusted EBITDA: Net income (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization as well as certain other items such as the impact of the cumulative effect of changes in accounting, costs associated with debt refinancing and other non-recurring or non-cash items affecting net income (loss). The presentation of adjusted EBITDA is intended to be consistent with the calculation of that measure as required by the Company s borrowing arrangements, and used to calculate a leverage ratio (maximum of 4.75 at June 27, 2020) and an interest coverage ratio (minimum of 3.00 for the twelve months ended June 27, 2020). Free cash flow: Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities reduced by investments in property, plant and equipment. Free cash flow productivity: Ratio of free cash flow to net income (loss). For the three and nine months ended June 27, 2020, the following items were adjusted, in accordance with the definitions above, to arrive at the non-GAAP financial measures: The World Health Organization recognized a novel strain of coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) as a public health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and as a global pandemic on March 11, 2020. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has implemented additional measures intended to both protect the health and safety of its employees and maintain its ability to provide products to its customers, including (i) requiring a significant part of its workforce to work from home, (ii) monitoring its employees for COVID-19 symptoms, (iii) making additional personal protective equipment available to its operations team, (iv) requiring all manufacturing and warehousing associates to take their temperatures before beginning a shift, (v) modifying work methods and schedules of its manufacturing and field associates to create distance or add barriers between associates, consumers and others, (vi) expanding cleaning efforts at its operation centers, (vii) modifying attendance policies so that associates may elect to stay home if they have symptoms, (viii) prioritizing production for goods that are more essential to its customers and (ix) implementing an interim premium pay allowance for associates in its field sales force as well as those still working in manufacturing or distribution centers. In addition, to help address the critical shortage of personal protective equipment in the fight against COVID-19, the Company shifted production in its Temecula, California manufacturing plant to produce face shields to help protect healthcare workers and first responders in critical need areas across the country. During the three and nine months ended June 27, 2020, the Company incurred costs of $12.2 million and $15.3 million, respectively, in the Cost of sales impairment, restructuring and other line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and incurred costs of $4.3 million and $5.0 million, respectively, in the Impairment, restructuring and other line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations associated with the COVID-19 pandemic primarily related to premium pay. These direct and incremental costs were excluded from the Company s non-GAAP financial measures because they are not comparable from one period to the next and are not expected to be part of the ongoing operations of the Company s underlying business. As a result of these additional measures and initiatives, the Company expects to incur up to $35 million of incremental costs, mostly related to premium pay provided to its associates. In connection with the acquisition of Sunlight Supply during the third quarter of fiscal 2018, the Company announced the launch of an initiative called Project Catalyst, which is a company-wide restructuring effort to reduce operating costs throughout the U.S. Consumer, Hawthorne and Other segments and drive synergies from recent acquisitions within the Hawthorne segment. Costs incurred during the three and nine months ended June 27, 2020 related to Project Catalyst were not material. Additionally, during the three and nine months ended June 27, 2020, the Company received zero and $2.6 million, respectively, from the final settlement of escrow funds related to a previous Hawthorne acquisition that was recognized in the Impairment, restructuring and other line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. On October 23, 2019, the Company redeemed all of its outstanding 6.000% Senior Notes for a redemption price of $412.5 million, comprised of $0.5 million of accrued and unpaid interest, $12.0 million of redemption premium, and $400.0 million for outstanding principal amount. The $12.0 million redemption premium was recognized in the Costs related to refinancing line on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Additionally, the Company had $3.1 million in unamortized bond issuance costs associated with the 6.000% Senior Notes, which were written-off during the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and were recognized in the Costs related to refinancing line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recognized insurance recoveries of zero and $1.5 million related to the previously disclosed legal matter In re Morning Song Bird Food Litigation during the three and nine months ended June 27, 2020, respectively, in the Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the three and nine months ended June 29, 2019, the following items were adjusted, in accordance with the definitions above, to arrive at the non-GAAP financial measures: On April 1, 2019, the Company sold all of its noncontrolling equity interest in a joint venture with products supporting the professional U.S. industrial, turf and ornamental market for cash proceeds of $36.6 million. During the three and nine months ended June 29, 2019, the Company recognized a pre-tax gain of $2.9 million related to this sale in the Other non-operating income, net line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. On March 19, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement under which it sold, to TruGreen Companies L.L.C., a subsidiary of TruGreen Holding Corporation, all of its approximately 30% equity interest in Outdoor Home Services Holdings LLC, a lawn services joint venture between the Company and TruGreen Holding Corporation (the TruGreen Joint Venture ). Under the terms of the agreement, the Company received cash proceeds of $234.2 million related to the sale of its equity interest in the TruGreen Joint Venture and $18.4 million related to the payoff of second lien term loan financing. During the three and nine months ended June 29, 2019, the Company recognized a pre-tax gain of zero and $259.8 million, respectively, related to this sale in the Other non-operating income, net line in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. During the three and nine months ended June 29, 2019, the Company recognized charges of $0.4 million and $8.0 million, respectively, related to Project Catalyst. During the three and nine months ended June 29, 2019, the Company recognized charges of $(0.1) million and $3.4 million, respectively, in the Cost of sales impairment, restructuring and other line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations related to employee termination benefits, facility closure costs and impairment of property, plant and equipment. During the three and nine months ended June 29, 2019, the Company recognized charges of $0.5 million and $4.6 million, respectively, in the Impairment, restructuring and other line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations related to employee termination benefits and facility closure costs. The Company also recognized a charge of zero and $2.5 million for the three and nine months ended June 29, 2019, respectively, in the Other non-operating income, net line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations related to the write-off of accumulated foreign currency translation loss adjustments of a foreign subsidiary that was substantially liquidated. The Company recognized favorable adjustments of zero and $0.4 million related to the previously disclosed legal matter In re Scotts EZ Seed Litigation during the three and nine months ended June 29, 2019, respectively, in the Impairment, restructuring and other line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recognized a favorable adjustment of $22.5 million related to the previously disclosed legal matter In re Morning Song Bird Food Litigation during the three and nine months ended June 29, 2019, in the Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations as a result of the final resolution of the previously disclosed settlement agreement. In addition, during the three and nine months ended June 29, 2019, the Company recognized insurance recoveries of $8.4 million and $13.4 million, respectively, related to this matter in the Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax line in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Forward Looking Non-GAAP Measures In this earnings release, the Company presents its outlook for fiscal 2020 non-GAAP adjusted EPS. The Company does not provide a GAAP EPS outlook, which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to non-GAAP adjusted EPS, because changes in the items that the Company excludes from GAAP EPS to calculate non-GAAP adjusted EPS, described above, can be dependent on future events that are less capable of being controlled or reliably predicted by management and are not part of the Company s routine operating activities. Additionally, due to their unpredictability, management does not forecast the excluded items for internal use and therefore cannot create or rely on a GAAP EPS outlook without unreasonable efforts. The timing and amount of any of the excluded items could significantly impact the Company s GAAP EPS. As a result, the Company does not provide a reconciliation of guidance for non-GAAP adjusted EPS to GAAP EPS, in reliance on the unreasonable efforts exception provided under Item 10(e)(1)(i)(B) of Regulation S-K.

Enviva Partners, LP Announces Transformative Acquisitions and Increases 2020 Guidance BETHESDA, Md.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Enviva Partners, LP (NYSE: EVA) ( Enviva, the Partnership, we, us, or our ) today announced that it has agreed to purchase a wood pellet production plant in Waycross, Georgia with associated export terminal capacity in Savannah, Georgia (the Georgia Biomass Acquisition ) from innogy SE and also has agreed to purchase the wood pellet production plant in Greenwood, South Carolina owned by our sponsor (the Greenwood Acquisition and, together, the Acquisitions ). In connection with the Greenwood Acquisition, our sponsor has agreed to assign to the Partnership five firm, long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with creditworthy Japanese counterparties (the Associated Off-Take Contracts ) that have maturities between 2031 and 2041, aggregate annual deliveries of 1.4 million metric tons per year ( MTPY ), and an aggregate revenue backlog of $5.3 billion. The Partnership also announced that it has signed a purchase agreement with investors for the sale of $200.0 million in common units in a private placement (the Private Placement ) to finance a portion of the combined purchase price of the Acquisitions. Highlights: The Greenwood and Georgia Biomass acquisitions are fundamentally transformative for Enviva s scale and diversification, said John Keppler, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Enviva. Not only are we increasing Enviva s fully contracted production capacity by 35 percent, but we are doing so in new fiber baskets, with new deep-water terminal infrastructure, and with new customers under new long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts that we expect will enable us to continue our track record of generating durable cash flows and growing our distributions sustainably well into the future. Acquisitions The Partnership has agreed to purchase Georgia Biomass Holding LLC, which, through its wholly owned subsidiary, owns a wood pellet production plant in Waycross, Georgia (the Waycross plant ), from innogy SE and one of its subsidiaries for a purchase price of $175.0 million in cash, subject to customary adjustments. The Waycross plant has been operating since 2011 and has a production capacity of approximately 800,000 MTPY. As part of the Georgia Biomass Acquisition, the Partnership also will acquire long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with an existing Partnership customer (the Acquired Waycross Contracts ) for annual deliveries of approximately 500,000 MTPY through 2024. The Waycross plant exports its wood pellets through a terminal at the Port of Savannah, Georgia under a long-term terminal lease and associated services agreement. The Partnership expects the Georgia Biomass Acquisition to close in the third quarter of 2020, subject to customary closing conditions. The Partnership also has agreed to purchase Enviva Pellets Greenwood Holdings II, LLC, which, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, owns a wood pellet production plant in Greenwood, South Carolina (the Greenwood plant ), from its sponsor for cash consideration of $132.0 million and the assumption of a $40.0 million third-party promissory note bearing interest at 2.5 percent per year. The Greenwood plant has been operating since 2016 and its wood pellets are exported through the Partnership s terminal at the Port of Wilmington, North Carolina. The Partnership plans to invest $28.0 million to expand the Greenwood plant s production capacity to 600,000 MTPY by the end of 2021, subject to receiving the necessary permits. To support the Partnership during its completion of the expansion project, the sponsor has agreed to (i) waive certain management services and other fees that otherwise would be owed by the Partnership through December 31, 2021 and (ii) continue to waive certain management services and other fees that otherwise would be owed by the Partnership if the Greenwood plant s actual production volumes are lower than expectations (such waivers, the Fee Waivers ). The sponsor also has agreed to reimburse the Partnership for any construction costs incurred for the planned expansion in excess of $28.0 million. The Partnership expects the Greenwood Acquisition to close on or about July 1, 2020. Associated Off-Take Contracts Our sponsor has agreed to assign five firm, long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with creditworthy Japanese counterparties, aggregate annual deliveries of 1.4 million MTPY, and a total revenue backlog of $5.3 billion to the Partnership as part of the Acquisitions. The Associated Off-Take Contracts include: Including the Associated Off-Take Contracts and the Acquired Waycross Contracts, the Partnership s total weighted-average remaining term of off-take contracts will increase from 11.4 years to 12.7 years and total product sales backlog will increase from $10.2 billion to $15.5 billion, on a pro forma basis as of April 1, 2020. In addition, with the Associated Off-Take Contracts and the Acquired Waycross Contracts, the production from the Greenwood plant and the Waycross plant is expected to be fully contracted through 2035. In 2021, the Acquisitions are expected to generate net loss in the range of $13.7 million to $17.7 million and adjusted EBITDA in the range of $39.0 million to $43.0 million. In 2024, once the Acquisitions and Associated Off-Take Contracts are fully ramped and integrated, the Acquisitions are expected to generate net income in the range of $18.7 million to $22.7 million and adjusted EBITDA in the range of $56.0 million to $60.0 million. On this basis, the combined purchase price for the Acquisitions, including the expected costs to expand the Greenwood plant, represents an adjusted EBITDA multiple of approximately 6.5 times. For the Greenwood Acquisition, Evercore served as exclusive financial advisor and Baker Botts LLP served as legal counsel to the conflicts committee of the board of directors of the Partnership s general partner (the Board ). Vinson & Elkins LLP served as legal counsel to the sponsor. For the Georgia Biomass Acquisition, Vinson & Elkins LLP served as legal counsel to the Partnership. Financing Activities The Partnership has signed a purchase agreement for the sale of an aggregate of 6,153,847 common units in the Private Placement in exchange for proceeds of $200.0 million at a purchase price of $32.50 per unit, representing a 5.6 percent discount to the 20-day volume-weighted average price of the Partnership s common units as of June 17, 2020. The Private Placement is expected to close on June 23, 2020 and is not conditioned on the closing of either of the Acquisitions. The proceeds of the Private Placement will be used to fund a portion of the consideration for the Acquisitions, as well to fund a portion of the Greenwood plant expansion project described above and for general partnership purposes. At the closing of the Private Placement, the Partnership and the investors will enter into a registration rights agreement whereby the Partnership will agree to register the resale of the common units to be sold in the Private Placement, as well as provide certain investors with customary piggy-back registration rights in certain cases. The Partnership expects to borrow under its existing $350.0 million revolving credit facility to finance the remainder of the combined purchase prices of the Acquisitions and the costs to expand the Greenwood plant. A key pillar of Enviva s growth is our ability to undertake accretive drop-down acquisitions from our sponsor, which we again demonstrated with the Greenwood transaction, said Shai Even, Chief Financial Officer of Enviva. What is particularly exciting is that we also had the opportunity to acquire another large-scale plant and associated export terminal capacity from an independent third-party, in what we view to be a highly accretive transaction. The combination of these fully contracted assets and Enviva s proven execution strategy received strong capital markets interest. Additionally, recognizing ValueAct Capital s existing holdings and significant participation in the Private Placement, the sole member of the Partnership s general partner has appointed Jeffrey W. Ubben, Chairman of ValueAct Capital and Co-Portfolio Manager of its Spring Fund, to the Board. Goldman, Sachs & Co. LLC and Barclays Capital Inc. acted as lead placement agents and BMO Capital Markets Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, and Raymond James and Associates, Inc. acted as placement agents in connection with the Private Placement. Guidance Update With the benefit of the Acquisitions, the Partnership now expects full-year 2020 net income to be in the range of $33.9 million to $43.9 million and adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $185.0 million to $195.0 million. The Partnership expects full-year 2020 distributable cash flow to be in the range of $134.0 million to $144.0 million, prior to any distributions attributable to incentive distribution rights paid to our general partner. For full-year 2020, the Partnership now expects to distribute at least $3.00 per common unit. The guidance amounts provided above, including the distribution expectations, include the benefit of the Acquisitions and the Fee Waivers, and reflect the associated financing activities. The guidance amounts provided above do not include the impact of any additional acquisitions by the Partnership from the sponsor, its joint venture, or third parties. The Partnership s quarterly income and cash flow are subject to seasonality and the mix of customer shipments made, which vary from period to period. When determining the distribution for a quarter, the Board evaluates the Partnership s distribution coverage ratio on an annual basis and considers the expected distributable cash flow, net of expected amounts attributable to incentive distribution rights, for the next four quarters. On that basis, the Partnership s targeted annual distribution coverage ratio is at least 1.20 times. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. About Enviva Partners, LP Enviva Partners, LP (NYSE: EVA) is a publicly traded master limited partnership that aggregates a natural resource, wood fiber, and processes it into a transportable form, wood pellets. The Partnership sells a significant majority of its wood pellets through long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with creditworthy customers in the United Kingdom and Europe. The Partnership owns and operates seven plants with a combined production capacity of approximately 3.5 million metric tons of wood pellets per year in Virginia, North Carolina, Mississippi, and Florida. In addition, the Partnership exports wood pellets through its marine terminals at the Port of Chesapeake, Virginia and the Port of Wilmington, North Carolina and from third-party marine terminals in Mobile, Alabama and Panama City, Florida. The Partnership has agreed to the Georgia Biomass Acquisition and the Greenwood Acquisition, which would add two operating plants with a combined production capacity of approximately 1.4 million metric tons of wood pellets per year, after the expansion of the Greenwood plant, in Georgia and South Carolina and a third-party marine terminal in Savannah, Georgia. To learn more about Enviva Partners, LP, please visit our website at www.envivabiomass.com and follow us on social media @Enviva. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to presenting our financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ), we use adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow to measure our financial performance. Adjusted EBITDA We define adjusted EBITDA as net (loss) income excluding depreciation and amortization, interest expense, income tax expense, early retirement of debt obligations, certain non-cash waivers of fees for management services provided to us by our sponsor (the MSA Fee Waivers ), non-cash unit compensation expense, asset impairments and disposals, changes in unrealized derivative instruments related to hedged items included in gross margin and other income and expense, certain items of income or loss that we characterize as unrepresentative of our ongoing operations, including certain expenses incurred related to a fire that occurred at our Chesapeake terminal on February 27, 2018 (the Chesapeake Incident ) and Hurricanes Florence and Michael (the Hurricane Events ), consisting of emergency response expenses, expenses related to the disposal of inventory, and asset disposal and repair costs, offset by insurance recoveries received, as well as employee compensation and other related costs allocated to us in respect of the Chesapeake Incident and Hurricane Events pursuant to our management services agreement with an affiliate of our sponsor for services that could otherwise have been dedicated to our ongoing operations, and acquisition and integration costs, and the effect of certain sales and marketing, scheduling, sustainability, consultation, shipping and risk management services (collectively, Commercial Services ). Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental measure used by our management and other users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks and research analysts, to assess the financial performance of our assets without regard to financing methods or capital structure. Distributable Cash Flow We define distributable cash flow as adjusted EBITDA less maintenance capital expenditures, income tax expense and interest expense net of amortization of debt issuance costs, debt premium, original issue discounts, and the impact from incremental borrowings related to the Chesapeake Incident and Hurricane Events. We use distributable cash flow as a performance metric to compare the cash-generating performance of the Partnership from period to period and to compare the cash-generating performance for specific periods to the cash distributions (if any) that are expected to be paid to our unitholders. We do not rely on distributable cash flow as a liquidity measure. Limitations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow are not financial measures presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations. Our non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as alternatives to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Each of these non-GAAP financial measures has important limitations as an analytical tool because they exclude some, but not all, items that affect the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. You should not consider adjusted net income, adjusted gross margin per metric ton, adjusted EBITDA or distributable cash flow in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Our definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility. The following table provides a reconciliation of the estimated range of adjusted EBITDA to the estimated range of net income, in each case for the twelve months ending December 31, 2020 (in millions): Twelve Months Ending December 31, 2020 Estimated net income $33.9 43.9 Add: Depreciation and amortization 75.0 Interest expense 45.4 Income tax expense 0.3 Non-cash unit compensation expense 8.6 Asset impairments and disposals 3.0 Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments (6.8 ) MSA Fee Waivers1 22.2 Acquisition and integration costs 6.1 Commercial Services (4.1 ) Other non-cash expenses 1.5 Estimated adjusted EBITDA $185.0 195.0 Less: Interest expense net of amortization of debt issuance costs, debt premium, original issue discount and impact from incremental borrowings related to Chesapeake Incident and Hurricane Events 42.6 Income tax expense 0.3 Maintenance capital expenditures 8.2 Estimated distributable cash flow $134.0 144.0 1) Includes $3.2 million of MSA Fee Waivers during the first quarter of 2020, expected $1.0 million of MSA Fee Waivers during the second quarter of 2020, and expected $18.0 million of MSA Fee Waivers associated with the Greenwood Acquisition The following table provides a reconciliation of the estimated adjusted EBITDA to the estimated net income associated with the Acquisitions for the twelve months ending December 31, 2021 (in millions): Twelve Months Ending December 31, 2021 Estimated net income ($17.7) (13.7 ) Add: Depreciation and amortization 23.1 Interest expense 10.8 Income tax expense 0.8 Non-cash unit compensation expense 0.6 Asset impairments and disposals 1.0 Integration costs 1.4 MSA Fee Waivers1 19.0 Estimated adjusted EBITDA $39.0 43.0 1) Includes expected $19.0 million of MSA Fee Waivers associated with the Greenwood Acquisition The following table provides a reconciliation of the estimated adjusted EBITDA to the estimated net income associated with the Acquisitions for the twelve months ending December 31, 2024 (in millions): Twelve Months Ending December 31, 2024 Estimated net income $18.7 22.7 Add: Depreciation and amortization 24.0 Interest expense 10.0 Income tax expense 0.8 Non-cash unit compensation expense 1.4 Asset impairments and disposals 1.0 Estimated adjusted EBITDA $56.0 60.0 Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements and information in this press release may constitute forward looking statements. The words believe, expect, anticipate, plan, intend, foresee, should, would, could or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. These forward looking statements are based on the Partnership s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on it. Although management believes that these forward looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Partnership will be those that it anticipates. All comments concerning the Partnership s expectations for future revenues and operating results are based on the forecasts for its existing operations and do not include the potential impact of any future acquisitions. The Partnership s forward looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond the Partnership s control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the its historical experience and its present expectations or projections. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) the volume and quality of products that it is able to produce or source and sell, which could be adversely affected by, among other things, operating or technical difficulties at the Partnership s wood pellet production plants or deep-water marine terminals; (ii) the prices at which the Partnership is able to sell the its products; (iii) the Partnership s ability to successfully negotiate and complete and integrate drop-down and third-party acquisitions, including the associated contracts, or to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions; (iv) failure of the Partnership s customers, vendors and shipping partners to pay or perform their contractual obligations to it; (v) the Partnership s inability to successfully execute its project development, expansion and construction activities on time and within budget; (vi) the creditworthiness of the Partnership s contract counterparties; (vii) the amount of low-cost wood fiber that it is able to procure and process, which could be adversely affected by, among other things, disruptions in supply or operating or financial difficulties suffered by the Partnership s suppliers; (viii) changes in the price and availability of natural gas, coal or other sources of energy; (ix) changes in prevailing economic conditions; (x) unanticipated ground, grade or water conditions; (xi) inclement or hazardous environmental conditions, including extreme precipitation, temperatures and flooding; (xii) fires, explosions or other accidents; (xiii) changes in domestic and foreign laws and regulations (or the interpretation thereof) related to renewable or low-carbon energy, the forestry products industry, the international shipping industry or power, heat or combined heat and power generators; (xiv) changes in the regulatory treatment of biomass in core and emerging markets; (xv) the Partnership s inability to acquire or maintain necessary permits or rights for the Partnership s production, transportation or terminaling operations; (xvi) changes in the price and availability of transportation; (xvii) changes in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates, and the failure of the Partnership s hedging arrangements to effectively reduce its exposure to the risks related thereto; (xviii) risks related to the Partnership s indebtedness; (xix) the Partnership s failure to maintain effective quality control systems at its production plants and deep-water marine terminals, which could lead to the rejection of the Partnership s products by its customers; (xx) changes in the quality specifications for the Partnership s products that are required by its customers; (xxi) labor disputes; (xxii) the Partnership s inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate its business and newly acquired assets; (xxiii) the effects of the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union on the Partnership s and its customers businesses; (xxiv) the Partnership s inability to borrow funds and access capital markets; and (xxv) viral contagions or pandemic diseases, such as the recent outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus known as COVID-19. For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause the Partnership s actual results to differ from projected results, please read its filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including the Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q most recently filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date thereof. The Partnership undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information or future events or otherwise.

DIANA SHIPPING INC. ANNOUNCES TIME CHARTER CONTRACT FOR M/V ALCMENE WITH CARGILL ATHENS, Greece, April 02, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Diana Shipping Inc. (NYSE: DSX), (the Company ), a global shipping company specializing in the ownership of dry bulk vessels, today announced that, through a separate wholly-owned subsidiary, it has entered into a time charter contract with Cargill International S.A., Geneva, for one of its Post-Panamax dry bulk vessels, the m/v Alcmene, for a period of about thirteen (13) months to maximum fifteen (15) months. The gross charter rate is US$4,000 per day for the first sixty (60) days of the charter period and US$8,500 per day for the balance period of the time charter, in each case minus a 4.75% commission paid to third parties. The charter commenced earlier today. The Alcmene is a 93,193 dwt Post-Panamax dry bulk vessel built in 2010. This employment is anticipated to generate approximately US$2.92 million of gross revenue for the minimum scheduled period of the time charter. Diana Shipping Inc. s fleet currently consists of 41 dry bulk vessels (4 Newcastlemax, 13 Capesize, 5 Post-Panamax, 5 Kamsarmax and 14 Panamax). As of today, the combined carrying capacity of the Company s fleet is approximately 5.1 million dwt with a weighted average age of 9.54 years. A table describing the current Diana Shipping Inc. fleet can be found on the Company s website, www.dianashippinginc.com. Information contained on the Company s website does not constitute a part of this press release. About the Company Diana Shipping Inc. is a global provider of shipping transportation services through its ownership of dry bulk vessels. The Company s vessels are employed primarily on medium to long-term time charters and transport a range of dry bulk cargoes, including such commodities as iron ore, coal, grain and other materials along worldwide shipping routes. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words believe, anticipate, intends, estimate, forecast, project, plan, potential, may, should, expect, pending and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, Company management s examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company s records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies that are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company s control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections. In addition to these important factors, other important factors that, in the Company s view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the strength of world economies and currencies, general market conditions, including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values, changes in demand for dry bulk shipping capacity, changes in the Company s operating expenses, including bunker prices, drydocking and insurance costs, the market for the Company s vessels, availability of financing and refinancing, changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities, potential liability from pending or future litigation, general domestic and international political conditions, potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events, vessel breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see the Company s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Corporate Contact: Ioannis Zafirakis Director, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, Treasurer and Secretary Telephone: + 30-210-9470-100 Email: Website: www.dianashippinginc.com Investor and Media Relations: Edward Nebb Comm-Counsellors, LLC Telephone: + 1-203-972-8350 Email:

EyePoint Pharmaceuticals Announces Positive Topline 36-month Follow-up Data for Second Phase 3 Study of YUTIQ 36 month data showed uveitis eye flare recurrence rate of 46.5% in YUTIQ treated eyes vs. 75.0% in sham eyes, a 40% reduction WATERTOWN, Mass., March 02, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- EyePoint Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: EYPT), a pharmaceutical company committed to developing and commercializing innovative ophthalmic products, today announced positive topline 36-month follow-up data from the second Phase 3 trial of YUTIQ (fluocinolone acetonide intravitreal implant) 0.18 mg three-year micro-insert for the treatment of chronic non-infectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye. The durable 36-month follow-up data from the second Phase 3 trial of YUTIQ highlight its long-term ability to reduce uveitic flares, consistent with the findings from the first Phase 3 trial. Reduction of uveitic flares is a key component in the treatment of this devastating disease leading to progressive vision loss and blindness, thus the recurrence rate of 46.5% at 36-months is compelling, said Dr. Thomas Albini, Professor of Clinical Ophthalmology at Bascom Palmer Eye Institute in Miami, Florida. Safety data showed no unanticipated side effects at each follow-up timepoint at 12-, 24-, and 36-months. These promising efficacy and safety data, coupled with a one-time administration, further position YUTIQ as a new, innovative treatment alternative for patients suffering from chronic non-infectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye. We continue to believe YUTIQ is a differentiated treatment option compared to existing therapies because of its highly efficacious and solid safety profile, coupled with its convenient, single administration and long-term consistent dosing of drug, said Nancy Lurker, President and Chief Executive Officer of EyePoint Pharmaceuticals. The 36-month results provide additional support in its long-acting potential, a characteristic consistently regarded by treating physicians as a critical treatment advantage. Our commercial efforts are yielding increased reception and adoption from uveitis specialists across the U.S., as well as positive patient feedback on the YUTIQ product profile. The second double-masked, randomized Phase 3 trial of YUTIQ enrolled 153 patients in 15 clinical centers in India, with 101 eyes treated with YUTIQ and 52 eyes receiving sham injections. At 36-months, the recurrence rate in YUTIQ randomized eyes was significantly lower than in sham treated eyes (46.5% vs. 75.0%, respectively; p=0.001). Visual acuity gains or losses of 3-lines or more were both similar between treatment groups. Considerably fewer YUTIQ-treated eyes (8.9%) needed the assistance of adjunctive intraocular/periocular injection medication for uveitic inflammation compared to sham treated eyes (51.9%); 31.7% of YUTIQ treated eyes needed the assistance of an adjunctive systemic steroid or immunosuppressant compared to 32.7% for sham treated eyes. Macular edema was resolved in 75.8% of YUTIQ treated eyes and 53.8% of sham treated eyes that had edema recorded at baseline. Mean intraocular pressure (IOP) at 36 months was 14.8 mmHg and 13.4 mmHg in the YUTIQ treated eyes and sham treated eyes, respectively. Intraocular pressure lowering drops were used in 74.3% of YUTIQ treated eyes and 73.1% of sham treated eyes. IOP lowering surgeries were performed in 2.0 % of YUTIQ treated eyes and in none in the sham treated eyes. In patients with phakic eyes when enrolled in the study cataracts were extracted from 70.5% of patients administered YUTIQ and 26.5% of patients administered sham by the final 36-month time point of the study. About YUTIQ YUTIQ (fluocinolone acetonide intravitreal implant) 0.18 mg is indicated for the treatment of chronic, non-infectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye, and was approved by the FDA on October 12, 2018. A link to the full product label is available on the EyePoint Pharmaceutical website at: www.eyepointpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/YUTIQ-USPI-20181120.pdf . About Chronic Non-infectious Uveitis Affecting the Posterior Segment of the Eye Non-infectious posterior segment uveitis is a chronic, non-infectious inflammatory disease affecting the posterior segment of the eye, often involving the retina, which affects people of all ages, producing swelling and destroying eye tissues, which can lead to severe vision loss and blindness. In the U.S., posterior segment uveitis is estimated to affect between 55,000 - 120,000 people resulting in approximately 30,000 cases of blindness, making it the third leading cause of blindness in the U.S. Today, patients with posterior uveitis are typically treated with either local steroid injections, with limited duration of effect, or systemic steroids, but over time frequently develop serious side effects that can limit effective dosing. Patients then often progress to steroid-sparing therapy with systemic immune suppressants or biologics, which themselves can have severe side effects including an increased risk of cancer. About EyePoint Pharmaceuticals EyePoint Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company committed to developing and commercializing innovative ophthalmic products in indications with high unmet medical need to help improve the lives of patients with serious eye disorders. The Company currently has two commercial products: DEXYCU , the first approved intraocular product for the treatment of postoperative inflammation, and YUTIQ , a three-year treatment of chronic non-infectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye. The Company's pipeline leverages its proprietary bioerodible Durasert technology for extended intravitreal drug delivery including EYP-1901, a VEGF inhibitor, targeting wet age-related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy and retinal vein occlusion. EyePoint Pharmaceuticals is headquartered in Watertown, Massachusetts with offices in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTS UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION ACT OF 1995: Various statements made in this release are forward-looking, and are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions. All statements that address activities, events or developments that we intend, expect, plan or believe may occur in the future, including but not limited to statements about our expected financial results for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 and longer-term financial and business goals are forward-looking statements. Our preliminary fourth quarter and full year 2019 revenue results are preliminary and subject to adjustment in the ongoing review procedures by our independent registered public accounting firm. In addition, any financial projections and other estimates contained herein are forward-looking statements with respect to the anticipated performance of the Company. Such financial projections and estimates are as to future events and are not to be viewed as facts, and reflect various assumptions of management of the Company and are subject to significant business, financial, economic, operating, competitive and other risks and uncertainties and contingencies (many of which are difficult to predict and beyond the control of the Company) that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements included herein. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed, anticipated or implied in our forward-looking statements are risks and uncertainties inherent in our business including, without limitation: our ability to achieve profitable operations and access to needed capital; fluctuations in our operating results; our ability to successfully produce sufficient commercial quantities of YUTIQ and DEXYCU and to successfully commercialize YUTIQ and DEXYCU in the U.S.; our ability to sustain and enhance an effective commercial infrastructure and enter into and maintain commercial agreements for YUTIQ and DEXYCU; the regulatory approval and successful release of our YUTIQ line extension shorter-duration treatment for non-infectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye; potential off-label sales of ILUVIEN for non-infectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye; consequences of fluocinolone acetonide side effects for YUTIQ; consequences of dexamethasone side effects for DEXYCU; successful commercialization of, and receipt of revenues from, ILUVIEN for diabetic macular edema, or DME; Alimera s ability to obtain additional marketing approvals and the effect of pricing and reimbursement decisions on sales of ILUVIEN for DME; Alimera s ability to commercialize ILUVIEN for non-infectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye in the territories in which Alimera is licensed to do so; declines in Retisert royalties; our ability to market and sell products; the success of current and future license agreements; termination or breach of current license agreements; our dependence on contract research organizations, contract sales organizations, vendors and investigators; effects of competition and other developments affecting sales of products; market acceptance of products; effects of guidelines, recommendations and studies; protection of intellectual property and avoiding intellectual property infringement; retention of key personnel; product liability; industry consolidation; compliance with environmental laws; manufacturing risks; risks and costs of international business operations; volatility of stock price; possible dilution; absence of dividends; and other factors described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We cannot guarantee that the results and other expectations expressed, anticipated or implied in any forward-looking statement will be realized. A variety of factors, including these risks, could cause our actual results and other expectations to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed, anticipated or implied in our forward-looking statements. Should known or unknown risks materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected in the forward-looking statements. You should bear this in mind as you consider any forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes makes it clear that any projected results expressed or implied in such statements will not be realized. Investors: Argot Partners Kimberly Minarovich or Joe Rayne 212-600-1902 eyepoint@argotpartners.com

InterDigital Awarded ETSI Specialist Task Force Contract for Multi-Access Edge Computing InterDigital selected to develop Multi Access Edge Computing sandbox environment to educate edge developers WILMINGTON, Del., Feb. 07, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC), a mobile and video technology research and development company, today announced that it has been awarded a Specialist Task Force (STF) contract to develop a publicly accessible edge sandbox environment for the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI). The task force, STF587, is responsible for creating a Multi-Access Edge Computing (MEC) Sandbox, an online edge emulation environment designed to help application developers learn and experiment with MEC Service Application Programming Interfaces (APIs). The STF is comprised of InterDigital technical experts that will work closely with the Industry Specification Group (ISG) MEC DECODE Working Group and the STF s Steering Committee to develop the MEC Sandbox using agile methods. The resulting interactive sandbox environment will allow edge developers to experiment with a set of standardized edge service APIs in emulated city and indoor network environments, offering an educational and engaging experience. These APIs define the interaction among MEC services, edge applications and access networks such as 3GPP, WLAN, and Fixed. InterDigital s expertise in MEC and edge emulation techniques, as reflected in their open source AdvantEDGE edge emulator, makes their team uniquely qualified to build the MEC Sandbox, said Walter Featherstone, Senior Standards Engineer at Samsung Electronics and ISG MEC Deployment and Ecosystem Working Group chairman. The MEC Sandbox will be a gamechanger for edge developers, giving them a fresh opportunity to interact with live APIs in an open and easy-to-navigate environment. The STF587 contract will produce several deliverables, including a set of sandbox emulation scenarios, a web interface for user interaction, an emulation engine to realize the scenarios, and an integrated MEC sandbox solution to be deployed on ETSI s Forge website. We are honored to be chosen to lead this ETSI STF, which we hope will be valuable to edge developers and innovators across the ecosystem, said Bob Gazda, InterDigital Senior Director for Engineering and STF leader. InterDigital is looking forward to driving this effort and for the new opportunities it will create, including standardization activities, hackathons, and other enhancements. InterDigital began STF587 work in January 2020, and the contract will conclude in December 2020. About InterDigital InterDigital develops mobile and video technologies that are at the core of devices, networks, and services worldwide. We solve many of the industry s most critical and complex technical challenges, inventing solutions for more efficient broadband networks, better video delivery, and richer multimedia experiences years ahead of market deployment. InterDigital has licenses and strategic relationships with many of the world s leading technology companies. Founded in 1972, InterDigital is listed on NASDAQ and is included in the S&P MidCap 400 index. InterDigital is a registered trademark of InterDigital, Inc. For more information, visit: www.interdigital.com .

Analog Devices Reinstates Share Repurchase Program; Increases Authorization by $2 Billion NORWOOD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Analog Devices, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADI), the leading global high-performance analog technology company, today announced that it has reinstated its share repurchase program, and that its Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase an additional $2 billion of its common stock. Vincent Roche, President and CEO, said Today s announcement reflects our confidence in ADI s strong performance and the successful execution of our strategy. I am pleased that we have achieved our 2x leverage ratio goal ahead of plan, allowing us to enhance our capital returns to shareholders through both our quarterly dividend and share repurchases. "Our goal is to continue delivering broad revenue growth and generate strong cash flow to enable us to invest in the business, grow our capital returns, and deliver shareholder value for years to come. Analog Devices commenced its common stock repurchase program in fiscal year 2004, and since then the Company has repurchased a total of approximately $5.4 billion of its common stock. Under the program, the Company may repurchase outstanding shares of its common stock from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. ADI management will determine the timing and amount of shares repurchased. ADI s management will discuss its updated capital allocation strategy on its regularly scheduled conference call regarding third quarter fiscal 2018 results, which will take place Wednesday, August 22, 2018 at 10:00 am ET. About Analog Devices Analog Devices (Nasdaq: ADI) is the leading global high-performance analog technology company dedicated to solving the toughest engineering challenges. We enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital with unmatched technologies that sense, measure, power, connect and interpret. Visit http://www.analog.com. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, which address a variety of subjects including, for example, our statements regarding the Company s capital allocation strategy and expected capital returns to shareholders, including quarterly dividends and share repurchases, expected revenue growth, investment strategy and cash flow generation, and other financial results and objectives. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs, plans and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The following important factors and uncertainties, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements: any faltering in global economic conditions or the stability of credit and financial markets, erosion of consumer confidence and declines in customer spending, unavailability of raw materials, services, supplies or manufacturing capacity and changes in geographic, product or customer mix. For additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including the risk factors contained in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements represent management's current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements made by us to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Analog Devices and the Analog Devices logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of Analog Devices, Inc. All other trademarks mentioned in this document are the property of their respective owners. (ADI-WEB)

Cantel Medical Reports Financial Results for its Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 In unprecedented times, Cantel continues to lead in Infection Prevention Net sales of $236.9M, up 3.7% GAAP diluted EPS of $0.37, up 85.0% Non GAAP diluted EPS of $0.16, down 70.9% GAAP net income of $15.8M, up 93.1% Non GAAP net income of $6.8M, down 70.4% COVID pandemic impacts final five weeks of the third fiscal quarter Comprehensive cash and cost saving initiatives successfully implemented Advancing Cantel 2.0 initiatives LITTLE FALLS, N.J., June 4, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Cantel Medical Corp. (NYSE: CMD) today announced financial results for its third quarter ended April 30, 2020. Third quarter 2020 net sales were $236.9M, up 3.7% compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact from foreign currency, net sales increased by 4.2%, primarily driven by the impact from acquisitions of 15.5% offset by an organic decline of 11.3%. The decline in organic sales was a result of the reduction of elective procedures driven by the worldwide COVID pandemic, which largely impacted the last five weeks of the Company's fiscal quarter. The pandemic primarily impacted the Company's Medical and Dental segments during this period. Third quarter 2020 GAAP earnings per diluted share increased 85.0% to $0.37, compared to GAAP earnings per diluted share of $0.20 in the prior year period. While GAAP earnings per diluted share was negatively impacted by COVID and higher amortization in the period, the impacts were offset by a favorable fair value adjustment to a Hu-Friedy earnout liability. Third quarter 2020 non-GAAP earnings per diluted share decreased 70.9% to $0.16, compared to non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $0.55 in the prior year period. The decrease in earnings per share was driven by the impact from COVID, which significantly impacted the Company's Medical and Dental segment revenue for the last five weeks of the quarter. George Fotiades, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "The impact from the COVID pandemic has been historic for the industry, our customers, patients and our Company. I am proud of how our Company has operated through these challenges and expect that we will be in a strong position to serve our customers during the recovery. Our mission in Infection Prevention has never been more critical, as we continue to support those on the front lines of this pandemic by supplying much needed PPE, disinfectant chemistry, and other infection prevention solutions to those who need it most." With the acquisition of Hu-Friedy and the impact from COVID, the Company's balance sheet has changed from historical trends. The third quarter ended with cash of $115.8M and gross debt of $976.9M, while generating EBITDAS of $43.5M and adjusted EBITDAS of $31.7M in the quarter, down 23.3%. In the weeks following the end of its third quarter, the Company has made significant progress in solidifying its financial position. On May 11th, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to amend its credit facilities with its lender group providing ample flexibility to manage the expected impacts of the current environment created by the COVID pandemic. Following the amendment, the Company announced the sale of $168M in aggregate value of its private offering of Convertible Senior Notes due 2025. This offering provides additional liquidity that helps enable the Company to continue to weather the pandemic, while remaining strongly positioned for the expected post-COVID recovery. Third quarter financial results and key updates: Strong Life Sciences revenue performance with organic growth of +7.3% for the quarter driven by COVID-related demand for portable water systems Dental revenue increased 75.4%, driven by the acquisition of Hu-Friedy, while organic revenue decreased 3.1% due to deferred elective procedures which was slightly offset by strong performance in face masks, face shields, surface disinfectants and wipes Medical revenue decreased 21.7% on an organic basis, with most endoscopy procedures being deferred or delayed during the last five weeks of the quarter Management instituted key cost and cash saving measures which include the following: Deployed workforce furloughs across manufacturing sites experiencing declines in demand, along with temporary furloughs and decreases in pay for administrative personnel Deferred all non-essential capital expenditures Cancelled all non-essential travel Reduced inventory in areas where demand has decreased, including aggressive material management to limit purchasing Suspended any dividend through at least October 31, 2021 Suspended and reduced executive salaries and Board of Directors compensation Operating Cash increased 42.4% sequentially to $49.3M, with an ending cash balance of $115.8M The Company further outlined that the last five weeks of disruption due to COVID had a significant impact on their financial results, specifically in the Medical and Dental segments. For illustrative purposes, using the Company's second quarter results as a comparable, non-COVID impacted quarter, the Medical segment declined ~60% while the Dental segment declined ~55% (down ~70% excluding PPE) in the last five weeks of the quarter. Preliminary, unaudited May revenue results showed signs of improvement, with Medical expected to recover to down ~40% and Dental down ~45% compared to the same second quarter baseline. The Company expects fourth quarter revenue to be below the third quarter, with the expectation that daily sales rates will continue to improve through the quarter. Fotiades added, "While the deferral of elective procedures over the last five weeks of our third quarter have resulted in lower performance, we are encouraged that preliminary sales results for May are showing signs of recovery. We continue to invest in critical aspects of Cantel 2.0. and have been making progress on our previously announced initiatives, which I look forward to discussing more over the next few months." Conference Call Information:The Company will hold a conference call to discuss the results for its third quarter ended April 30, 2020 on Thursday, June 4, 2020 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. To participate in the conference call, dial 1-844-369-8770 (US & Canada) or 1-862-298-0840 (International) approximately 5 to 10 minutes before the beginning of the call. If you are unable to participate, a digital replay of the call will be available from Thursday, June 4, 2020 through midnight on July 3, 2020 by dialing 1-877-481-4010 (US & Canada) or 1-919-882-2331 (International) and using conference ID #: 34733. An audio webcast will be available via the Cantel website at www.cantelmedical.com. A replay of the presentation will be archived on the Cantel website for those unable to listen live. In addition, the Company will provide a supplemental presentation to complement the conference call. The presentation can be accessed on Cantel's website in the Investor Relations section under presentations. About Cantel Medical:Cantel Medical is a leading global company dedicated to delivering innovative infection prevention products and services for patients, caregivers, and other healthcare providers which improve outcomes, enhance safety and help save lives. Our products include specialized medical device reprocessing systems for endoscopy and renal dialysis, advanced water purification equipment, sterilants, disinfectants and cleaners, sterility assurance monitoring products for hospitals and dental clinics, disposable infection control products primarily for dental and GI endoscopy markets, instruments and instrument reprocessing workflow systems serving the dental industry, dialysate concentrates, hollow fiber membrane filtration and separation products. Additionally, we provide technical service for our products. For further information, visit the Cantel website at www.cantelmedical.com. Our estimated unaudited financial results presented above are preliminary and are subject to the close of the quarter, completion of our quarter-end closing procedures and further financial review. The preliminary financial and business information presented herein has been prepared by and is the responsibility of our management and is based upon information available to us as of the date hereof. Our independent registered public accounting firm has not audited, reviewed, compiled or performed any procedures with respect to this preliminary financial information. Accordingly, our independent registered public accounting firm does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. These estimates are not a comprehensive statement of our financial results for this period and should not be viewed as a substitute for interim financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our actual results may differ from these estimates as a result of the completion of our quarter-end closing procedures, review adjustments and other developments that may arise between now and the time our financial results for the period are finalized. As a result, investors should exercise caution in relying on this information and should not draw any inferences from this information regarding financial or operating data not provided.. This press release contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other securities laws. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, or forecasts about our businesses, the industries in which we operate, and the current beliefs and assumptions of management; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Without limiting the foregoing, words or phrases such as "expect," "anticipate," "goal," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "may," "could," "aspire," and variations of such words and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to predictions or projections of our future financial performance, anticipated growth, strategic objectives, performance drivers and trends in our businesses, the impacts and recovery from the COVID pandemic, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions about future events, activities or developments and are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and financial results, general economic conditions, technological and market changes in the medical device industry, our ability to execute on our strategy, risks associated with operating our international business, including limited operating experience and market recognition in new international markets, changes in United States healthcare policy at both the state and federal level, product liability claims resulting from the use of products we sell and distribute, and risks related to our intellectual property and proprietary rights needed to maintain our competitive position. We caution that undue reliance should not be placed on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. For a further list and description of these and other important risks and uncertainties that may affect our future operations, see our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which we may update in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q we have filed or will file hereafter, as further updated by our Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2020. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. CANTEL MEDICAL CORP. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended April 30, April 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net sales $ 236,933 $ 228,552 $ 782,677 $ 678,679 Cost of sales 135,950 121,675 443,581 361,878 Gross profit 100,983 106,877 339,096 316,801 Expenses: Selling 38,057 36,077 121,208 103,233 General and administrative 32,133 48,634 149,471 122,527 Research and development 8,349 7,354 23,953 22,355 Total operating expenses 78,539 92,065 294,632 248,115 Income from operations 22,444 14,812 44,464 68,686 Interest expense, net 10,113 2,509 26,082 6,742 Other income, net (1,313) Income before income taxes 12,331 12,303 18,382 63,257 Income taxes (3,456) 4,128 (909) 17,040 Net income $ 15,787 $ 8,175 $ 19,291 $ 46,217 Earnings per common share - diluted $ 0.37 $ 0.20 $ 0.46 $ 1.11 Dividends declared per common share $ $ $ 0.11 $ 0.10 Weighted average shares - diluted 42,187,539 41,759,438 42,327,535 41,726,231 (dollar amounts in thousands except share and per share data or as otherwise specified) CANTEL MEDICAL CORP. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) April 30, 2020 July 31, 2019 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 115,766 $ 44,535 Accounts receivable, net 147,558 146,910 Inventories, net 185,493 138,234 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 21,790 20,920 Income taxes receivable 15,422 1,197 Right-of-use assets, net 50,005 Property and equipment, net 224,233 185,242 Intangible assets, net 486,325 141,513 Goodwill 653,626 378,109 Other long-term assets 6,722 9,425 Deferred income taxes 5,432 4,281 Total assets $ 1,912,372 $ 1,070,366 Liabilities and stockholders' equity Accounts payable $ 52,986 $ 39,450 Compensation payable 32,520 32,762 Accrued expenses 39,478 38,545 Deferred revenue 26,884 27,840 Current portion of long-term debt 29,500 10,000 Income taxes payable 6,298 2,803 Current portion of lease liabilities 10,269 Long-term debt 937,630 220,851 Deferred income taxes 27,607 29,278 Other long-term liabilities 19,030 7,300 Long-term lease liabilities 41,701 Stockholders' equity 688,469 661,537 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 1,912,372 $ 1,070,366 (dollar amounts in thousands except share and per share data or as otherwise specified) CANTEL MEDICAL CORP. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended April 30, 2020 2019 Cash flows from operating activities Net income $ 19,291 $ 46,217 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 22,105 15,455 Amortization 23,952 15,508 Stock-based compensation expense 8,843 11,885 Amortization of right-of-use assets 9,162 Deferred income taxes (2,822) (2,671) Inventory step-up amortization 16,700 Fair value adjustments to contingent consideration (6,423) Other non-cash items, net 3,853 263 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions/dispositions: Accounts receivable 26,990 (18,642) Inventories (3,514) (24,671) Prepaid expenses and other assets 2,653 (4,929) Accounts payable and other liabilities (8,608) 13,608 Income taxes (11,883) (3,537) Operating lease liabilities (7,456) Net cash provided by operating activities 92,843 48,486 Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures (26,212) (75,387) Proceeds from sale of businesses 2,236 3,053 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (721,350) (40,644) Net cash used in investing activities (745,326) (112,978) Cash flows from financing activities Borrowings of long-term debt 400,000 Repayments of long-term debt (12,125) (12,707) Borrowings under revolving credit facility 388,900 50,000 Repayments under revolving credit facility (32,900) (7,000) Debt issuance costs (9,234) Finance lease liabilities (304) Dividends paid (4,471) (4,173) Purchases of treasury stock (3,865) (4,628) Net cash provided by financing activities 726,001 21,492 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (2,287) 251 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 71,231 (42,749) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 44,535 94,097 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 115,766 $ 51,348 (dollar amounts in thousands except share and per share data or as otherwise specified) SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION - RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES In evaluating our operating performance, we supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") with certain non-GAAP financial measures including (i) non-GAAP net income, (ii) non-GAAP earnings per diluted share ("EPS"), (iii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, loss on disposal of fixed assets, and stock-based compensation expense ("EBITDAS"), (iv) adjusted EBITDAS, (v) net debt and (vi) organic sales. These non-GAAP financial measures are indicators of our performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. They are presented with the intent of providing greater transparency to financial information used by us in our financial analysis and operational decision-making. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide meaningful information to assist investors, stockholders and other readers of our consolidated financial statements in making comparisons to our historical operating results and analyzing the underlying performance of our results of operations. These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be, and should not be, considered separately from, or as an alternative to, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. To measure earnings performance on a consistent and comparable basis, we exclude certain items that affect comparability of operating results and the trend of earnings. These adjustments are irregular in timing, may not be indicative of our past and future performance and are therefore excluded to allow investors to better understand underlying operating trends. The following are examples of the types of adjustments that are excluded: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets, (ii) acquisition-related items, (iii) business optimization and restructuring-related charges, (iv) certain significant and discrete tax matters and (v) other significant items management deems irregular or non-operating in nature. Amortization expense of purchased intangible assets is a non-cash expense related to intangibles that were primarily the result of business acquisitions. Our history of acquiring businesses has resulted in significant increases in amortization of intangible assets that reduce our net income. The removal of amortization from our overall operating performance helps in assessing our cash generated from operations including our return on invested capital, which we believe is an important analysis for measuring our ability to generate cash and invest in our continued growth. Acquisition-related items consist of (i) fair value adjustments to contingent consideration and other contingent liabilities resulting from acquisitions, (ii) due diligence, integration, legal fees and other transaction costs associated with our acquisition program and (iii) acquisition accounting charges for the amortization of the initial fair value adjustments of acquired inventory and deferred revenue. The adjustments of contingent consideration and other contingent liabilities are periodic adjustments to record such amounts at fair value at each balance sheet date. Given the subjective nature of the assumptions used in the determination of fair value calculations, fair value adjustments may potentially cause significant earnings volatility that are not representative of our operating results. Similarly, due diligence, integration, legal and other acquisition costs associated with our acquisition program, including accounting charges relating to recording acquired inventory and deferred revenue at fair market value, can be significant and also adversely impact our effective tax rate as certain costs are often not tax-deductible. Since these acquisition-related items are irregular and often mask underlying operating performance, we exclude these amounts for purposes of calculating these non-GAAP financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to past operating performance. Restructuring-related and business optimization items consist of severance-related costs associated with work force reductions and other restructuring-related activities. Such costs include (i) salary continuation, (ii) bonus payments, (iii) outplacement services, (iv) medical-related premium costs and (v) accelerated stock-compensation costs. Since these restructuring-related and business optimization items often mask underlying operating performance, we exclude these amounts for purposes of calculating these non-GAAP financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to past operating performance. Excess tax benefits and expenses resulting from stock compensation are recorded as an adjustment to income tax expense. The magnitude of the impact of excess tax benefits generated in the future, which may be favorable or unfavorable, are dependent upon our future grants of equity awards, our future share price on the date awards vest in relation to the fair value of awards on grant date and the exercise behavior of our stock award holders. Since these tax effects are largely unrelated to our results and unrepresentative of our normal effective tax rate, we excluded their impact on net income and diluted EPS to arrive at our non-GAAP financial measures. In April 2020, we recorded a discrete tax benefit related to a provision under the recent federal CARES Act, which allowed us to carryback taxable losses up to five years. We also recorded a discrete tax benefit due to the reversal of a valuation allowance related to a previous acquisition. As these items were unrepresentative of our normal effective tax rate, we excluded their impact on net income and diluted EPS for fiscal 2020 to arrive at our non-GAAP financial measures. In January 2020, we completed the disposition of a dental product line. This resulted in a pre-tax loss of $170 through general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended April 30, 2020. Since this loss was irregular, we made an adjustment to our net income and diluted EPS to exclude this loss to arrive at our non-GAAP financial measures. During the nine months ended April 30, 2019, we recorded specific discrete tax items associated with our international operations that were unrelated to fiscal 2019. As these items were unrepresentative of our normal effective tax rate, we excluded their impact on net income and diluted EPS for fiscal 2019 to arrive at our non-GAAP financial measures. In November 2018, we completed the disposition of our high purity water business in Canada. This resulted in a pre-tax gain of $1,313 through other income, net for the nine months ended April 30, 2019. Since this gain was irregular, we made an adjustment to our net income and diluted EPS to exclude this gain to arrive at our non-GAAP financial measures. During the nine months ended April 30, 2019, we recorded an adjustment to a minor litigation matter in our consolidated financial statements. Since these costs are irregular and mask our underlying operating performance, we made an adjustment to our net income and diluted EPS for fiscal 2019 to exclude such costs to arrive at our non-GAAP financial measures. Three Months Ended April 30, 2020 We made adjustments to net income and diluted EPS to exclude (i) amortization expense of purchased intangible assets, (ii) acquisition-related items, which includes a gain from the change in fair value of contingent consideration associated with the Hu-Friedy acquisition, (iii) business optimization and restructuring-related charges and (iv) tax matters to arrive at non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS. Three Months Ended April 30, 2019 We made adjustments to net income and diluted EPS to exclude (i) amortization expense of purchased intangible assets, (ii) acquisition-related items, (iii) other business optimization and restructuring-related charges, primarily related to organizational leadership changes (iv) an adjustment to the excess tax effects applicable to stock compensation and (v) tax matters to arrive at non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS. The reconciliations of net income and diluted EPS to non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS were calculated as follows: Three Months Ended April 30, (Unaudited) 2020 2019 Net income/Diluted EPS, as reported $ 15,787 $ 0.37 $ 8,175 $ 0.20 Intangible amortization, net of tax(1) 4,343 0.10 3,850 0.09 Acquisition-related items, net of tax(2) (12,493) (0.29) 2,047 0.05 Restructuring-related charges, net of tax(3) 4,439 0.11 8,401 0.20 Excess tax effects(4) 434 0.01 Tax matters(4) (5,283) (0.13) 59 Non-GAAP net income/Non-GAAP diluted EPS $ 6,793 $ 0.16 $ 22,966 $ 0.55 (1) Amounts were recorded in general and administrative expenses. (2) For the three months ended April 30, 2020, pre-tax acquisition-related items of $15,240 (benefit) were recorded in general and administrative expenses. For the three months ended April 30, 2019, pre-tax acquisition-related items of $47 were recorded in net sales, $394 were recorded in cost of sales and $2,400 were recorded in general and administrative expenses. (3) For the three months ended April 30, 2020, pre-tax restructuring-related items of $2,022 were recorded in cost of sales and $1,797 were recorded in general and administrative expenses. For the three months ended April 30, 2019, pre-tax restructuring-related items of $272 were recorded in cost of sales and $9,840 were recorded in general and administrative expenses. (4) Amounts were recorded in income taxes. (dollar amounts in thousands except share and per share data or as otherwise specified) Nine Months Ended April 30, 2020 We made adjustments to net income and diluted EPS to exclude (i) amortization expense of purchased intangible assets, (ii) acquisition-related items, which includes a gain from the change in fair value of contingent consideration associated with the Hu-Friedy acquisition, (iii) business optimization and restructuring-related charges, (iv) loss on disposition of product line (v) excess tax effects applicable to stock compensation and (vi) tax matters to arrive at non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS. Nine Months Ended April 30, 2019 We made adjustments to net income and diluted EPS to exclude (i) amortization expense of purchased intangible assets, (ii) acquisition-related items, (iii) other business optimization and restructuring-related charges, (iv) litigation matters, (v) gain on disposition of business, (vi) excess tax effects applicable to stock compensation and (vii) tax matters to arrive at non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS. The reconciliations of net income and diluted EPS to non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS were calculated as follows: Nine Months Ended April 30, (Unaudited) 2020 2019 Net income/Diluted EPS, as reported $ 19,291 $ 0.46 $ 46,217 $ 1.11 Intangible amortization, net of tax(1) 17,331 0.41 11,928 0.29 Acquisition-related items, net of tax(2) 18,105 0.42 4,236 0.10 Restructuring-related charges, net of tax(3) 9,723 0.23 10,486 0.25 Litigation matters(1) 134 Gain on disposition of business, net of tax(4) (929) (0.02) Loss on disposition of product line, net of tax(1) 130 Excess tax effects(5) 559 0.01 (563) (0.01) Tax matters(5) (5,283) (0.12) 959 0.02 Non-GAAP net income/Non-GAAP diluted EPS $ 59,856 $ 1.41 $ 72,468 $ 1.74 (1) Amounts were recorded in general and administrative expenses. (2) For the nine months ended April 30, 2020, pre-tax acquisition-related items of $16,700 were recorded in cost of sales and $8,780 were recorded in general and administrative expenses. For the nine months ended April 30, 2019, pre-tax acquisition-related items of $351 were recorded in net sales, $486 were recorded in cost of sales and $4,960 were recorded in general and administrative expenses. (3) For the nine months ended April 30, 2020, pre-tax restructuring-related items of $4,841 were recorded in cost of sales and $8,630 were recorded in general and administrative expenses. For the nine months ended April 30, 2019, pre-tax restructuring-related items of $272 were recorded in cost of sales and $12,533 were recorded in general and administrative expenses. (4) Amounts were recorded in other income, net. (5) Amounts were recorded in income taxes. (dollar amounts in thousands except share and per share data or as otherwise specified) Reconciliation of Net Income to EBITDAS and Adjusted EBITDAS We believe EBITDAS is an important valuation measurement for management and investors given the increasing effect that non-cash charges, such as stock-based compensation, amortization related to acquisitions and depreciation of capital equipment have on net income. In particular, acquisitions have historically resulted in significant increases in amortization of purchased intangible assets that reduce net income. Additionally, we regard EBITDAS as a useful measure of operating performance and cash flow before the effect of interest expense and is a complement to operating income, net income and other GAAP financial performance measures. We define adjusted EBITDAS as EBITDAS excluding the same non-GAAP adjustments to net income discussed above. We use adjusted EBITDAS when evaluating operating performance because we believe the exclusion of such adjustments, of which a significant portion are non-cash items, is necessary to provide the most accurate measure of on-going core operating results and to evaluate comparative results period over period. The reconciliations of net income to EBITDAS and adjusted EBITDAS were calculated as follows: Three Months Ended April 30, Nine Months Ended April 30, (Unaudited) 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net income, as reported $ 15,787 $ 8,175 $ 19,291 $ 46,217 Interest expense, net 10,113 2,509 26,082 6,742 Income taxes (3,456) 4,128 (909) 17,040 Depreciation 7,890 5,892 22,105 15,455 Amortization 8,949 4,956 23,952 15,508 Loss on disposal of fixed assets 1,231 529 1,297 1,368 Stock-based compensation expense 3,027 5,722 8,843 11,885 EBITDAS 43,541 31,911 100,661 114,215 Acquisition-related items(1) (15,595) 2,841 24,597 5,797 Restructuring-related charges(1) 3,780 6,632 13,403 8,871 Gain on disposition of business (1,313) Loss on disposition of product line 170 Litigation matters 163 Adjusted EBITDAS $ 31,726 $ 41,384 $ 138,831 $ 127,733 (1) Excludes stock-based compensation expense. (dollar amounts in thousands except share and per share data or as otherwise specified) Net Debt We define net debt as long-term debt less cash and cash equivalents. Each of the components of net debt appears on our consolidated balance sheets. We believe that the presentation of net debt provides useful information to investors because we review net debt as part of our management of our overall liquidity, financial flexibility, capital structure and leverage. (Unaudited) April 30, 2020 July 31, 2019 Long-term debt (excluding debt issuance costs) $ 976,875 $ 233,000 Less cash and cash equivalents (115,766) (44,535) Net debt $ 861,109 $ 188,465 (dollar amounts in thousands except share and per share data or as otherwise specified) Reconciliation of Net Sales Growth to Organic Sales Growth We define organic sales as net sales less (i) the impact of foreign currency translation, (ii) net sales related to acquired businesses during the first twelve months of ownership and (iii) dispositions during the periods being compared. We believe that reporting organic sales provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in our business and facilitating easier comparisons of our revenue performance with prior periods. We exclude the effect of foreign currency translation from organic sales because foreign currency translation is not under management's control, is subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business trends. We exclude the effect of acquisitions and dispositions because the nature, size, and number of acquisitions and divestitures can vary dramatically from period to period and can obscure underlying business trends and make comparisons of financial performance difficult. For the three months ended April 30, 2020, the reconciliation of net sales growth to organic sales growth for total net sales and net sales of our reportable segments were calculated as follows: (Unaudited) Net Sales MedicalNet Sales Life SciencesNet Sales DentalNet Sales DialysisNet Sales Net sales growth 3.7 % (22.6) % 7.1 % 75.4 % 8.1 % Impact due to foreign currency translation 0.5 % 0.9 % 0.2 % % 0.0 % Sales related to acquisitions (15.5) % % 0.0 % (78.5) % 0.4 % Organic sales growth (11.3) % (21.7) % 7.3 % (3.1) % 8.5 % (dollar amounts in thousands except share and per share data or as otherwise specified) For the nine months ended April 30, 2020, the reconciliation of net sales growth to organic sales growth for total net sales and net sales of our reportable segments were calculated as follows: (Unaudited) Net Sales MedicalNet Sales Life SciencesNet Sales DentalNet Sales DialysisNet Sales Net sales growth 15.3 % (5.5) % 0.1 % 105.3 % (7.1) % Impact due to foreign currency translation 0.5 % 0.8 % 0.0 % % 0.1 % Sales related to acquisitions/dispositions (17.6) % % 2.3 % (101.8) % % Organic sales growth (1.8) % (4.7) % 2.4 % 3.5 % (7.0) % (dollar amounts in thousands except share and per share data or as otherwise specified) SOURCE Cantel Medical Corp. Related Links http://www.cantelmedical.com

Allergan Announces Positive Phase 3 ACHIEVE I Trial Results for Ubrogepant Published in The New England Journal of Medicine Published data from a second robust Phase 3 clinical trial demonstrated efficacy, safety and tolerability of ubrogepant, an orally administered CGRP receptor antagonist (gepant) Compared to placebo, ubrogepant 50 mg and 100 mg doses led to significantly greater rates of pain freedom and freedom from the most bothersome migraine associated symptom at two hours, a new, more stringent FDA standard in the acute treatment of migraine Ubrogepant 50 mg and 100 mg also met the secondary efficacy endpoint demonstrating clinically significant pain relief at two hours in the majority of patients studied versus placebo, a primary endpoint used in the studies of older migraine treatments, such as triptans FDA action on New Drug Application (NDA) expected in December 2019 for ubrogepant, which would make it the first oral CGRP blocker (gepant) to address unmet patient needs in acute treatment of migraine DUBLIN, Dec. 4, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN) today announced that positive results from ACHIEVE I (UBR-MD-01), a robust Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of ubrogepant, have been published in the December 5th issue of The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM). The data from this second published pivotal trial reinforced that the acute treatment of migraine with ubrogepant, compared with placebo, led to significantly greater rates of pain freedom and freedom from the most bothersome migraine-associated symptom at two hours with both the 50 mg and 100 mg doses. If FDA-approved, ubrogepant would be the first available and approved small molecule, oral calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist (gepant) for the acute treatment of migraine. "The findings from the ACHIEVE I trial are particularly meaningful for primary care physicians who are first-line in migraine management and need treatment options that are safe and effective to treat debilitating migraine symptoms," said Susan Hutchinson, MD, Family Practice Headache Specialist and Founder of Orange County Migraine & Headache Center and paid consultant for Allergan. "With limited migraine-specific acute treatment options on the market, the approval of ubrogepant would provide healthcare providers and patients a much-needed new treatment option with a favorable side-effect profile that can be taken on-demand to effectively treat a migraine attack." The ACHIEVE I trial evaluated ubrogepant 50 mg and 100 mg, compared with placebo, across a wide range of endpoints, including more stringent FDA guidelines established in 2018 for the acute treatment of migraine: meeting both co-primary endpoints of pain freedom (no pain at all) and freedom from the most bothersome of three non-headache migraine-associated symptoms (no sensitivity to light, no sensitivity to sound, or no nausea at all) at two hours post initial dose. For the two co-primary endpoints, ubrogepant 50 mg and 100 mg showed statistically significant higher response rates for pain freedom at two hours (11.8% for placebo, 19.2% for 50 mg, 21.2% for 100 mg) and freedom from the most bothersome migraine-associated symptom at two hours (27.8% for placebo, 38.6% for 50 mg, 37.7% for 100 mg). "Based on the recently published ACHIEVE I and ACHIEVE II data, I am confident that ubrogepant, with its novel mechanism of action as a gepant, will make a difference for people with migraine and unmet needs for acute treatment," said Richard B. Lipton, M.D., Author of ACHIEVE I and Lead Author of ACHIEVE II, Professor and Vice Chair of Neurology at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and Montefiore Health System, Director of the Montefiore Headache Center. "The favorable safety and tolerability profile, as well as the efficacy data, for ubrogepant are particularly important as we consider new treatment options for people living with migraine." Dr. Lipton is also a paid consultant for Allergan, the trial sponsor. Both doses of ubrogepant at 50 mg and 100 mg demonstrated significant improvement compared with placebo for a secondary efficacy endpoint of pain relief at two hours (49.1% for placebo, 60.7% for 50 mg, 61.4% for 100 mg). Pain relief was defined as the reduction in headache severity from moderate to severe pain to mild or no pain at two hours after initial doses. This secondary endpoint is most similar to the primary endpoint that older migraine treatments like triptans demonstrated for FDA approval. Additionally, both doses of ubrogepant were statistically superior to placebo in sustained pain relief from two to 24 hours (20.8% for placebo, 36.3% for 50 mg, 38.0% for 100 mg). Both the 50 mg and 100 mg doses of ubrogepant were well tolerated with an adverse event profile similar to placebo. There were no serious adverse events. Nausea was the most common adverse event, reported at 1.6% for placebo, 1.7% for 50 mg, 4.1% for 100 mg. Rates of all treatment-emergent adverse events were also similar to placebo (12.8% in placebo, 9.4% for 50 mg, 16.3% in 100mg). "I have been living with migraine attacks for more than 20 years, but unfortunately I do not have any tolerable prescription treatment options to take when I start having pain," said Anna Williams, migraine patient. "I am hopeful for new treatment options that will eliminate my debilitating pain along with other migraine symptoms." Triptans are by far the most commonly used prescription medications for migraine, representing 73% of prescriptions within the acute treatment market. However, for people living with migraine, 67% report delaying or avoiding taking their prescription medication when a migraine attack occurs, often because of the adverse events they experience from the treatment. In addition, approximately 20% people with migraine have cardiovascular (CV) disease, and because triptans constrict blood vessels, they may be contraindicated in this patient population. For those who take triptans, as many as 30% may not sufficiently respond or may experience side effects. "We are pleased to see the results from our pivotal Phase 3 trial published in The New England Journal of Medicine," said Mitchell Mathis, M.D., VP, Chief Medical Officer, Central Nervous System. "With the ACHIEVE II trial results recently published in The Journal of the American Medical Association, the recognition from these two prestigious medical journals underscores the significance of ubrogepant as a promising oral option for the acute treatment of migraine. We are proud of the research and science that have brought us to this point and look forward to continuing innovation in the pursuit of migraine freedom." The full NEJM article is available at http://bit.ly/2qWuI4R About ACHIEVE I (UBR-MD-01) StudyThe ACHIEVE I trial is a Phase 3, multicenter, double-blind, parallel-group, study evaluating the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of ubrogepant (50 mg and 100 mg) compared to placebo for the acute treatment of a single migraine attack of moderate or severe headache pain intensity. In this pivotal trial, 1,672 adult participants (18-75 years of age) with a history of migraine (with or without aura) were randomized (1:1:1) to placebo, ubrogepant 50 mg, or ubrogepant 100 mg. The co-primary efficacy parameters were pain freedom (no pain) at two hours after the initial dose and freedom from the most bothersome migraine-associated symptom at two hours after the initial dose. The most bothersome migraine-associated symptom could include photophobia, phonophobia, or nausea and was selected by the participant immediately prior to treating a qualifying migraine attack. Secondary efficacy endpoints also evaluated the clinical benefits of ubrogepant across a wide range of outcome measures, including pain relief at two hours, sustained pain relief from 2 to 24 hours, and sustained pain freedom from 2 to 24 hours, among others. Adverse events were collected and evaluated for 48 hours after the initial and optional second dose of trial treatment, as well as within 30 days after administration of any dose. About ACHIEVE I (UBR-MD-01) and ACHIEVE II (UBR-MD-02)ACHIEVE I and ACHIEVE II both tested the efficacy of ubrogepant to treat a single migraine attack. The protocols for the two trials were identical except for the doses of ubrogepant tested. ACHIEVE I tested doses of 50 mg and 100 mg versus placebo, whereas ACHIEVE II tested doses of 25 mg and 50 mg versus placebo. About UbrogepantUbrogepant is a novel, highly potent, orally-administered CGRP receptor antagonist (gepant), in development for the acute treatment of migraine. CGRP and its receptors are expressed in regions of the nervous system associated with migraine pathophysiology. CGRP receptor antagonism is a completely new mechanism of action for the acute treatment of migraine compared to medications currently available, which include triptans (serotonin 1B/1D receptor agonists), opioids, ergots as well as over-the-counter medications, such ibuprofen and acetaminophen. About Migraine Migraine is a chronic disease with episodic attacks defined by neurological symptoms such as headache pain, sensitivity to light and sound, and nausea. Migraine is highly prevalent, affecting approximately 31 million Americans, and is associated with significant disability leading to high personal, family, occupational, societal, and economic burden. Based on the current standard of care, there are still unmet needs for new acute treatments for migraine. Allergan, a leader in the migraine space, markets BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA), the first FDA-approved, preventive treatment for adult Chronic Migraine (approved 2010). Allergan is also advancing its migraine program with two investigational small molecule oral calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonists (gepants), one of which is being developed for the acute treatment of migraine and one for the prevention of migraine. In addition to ubrogepant, which is expected to be the first FDA-approved gepant with a completely new approach for acute treatment of migraine, atogepant is currently in Phase 3 development for the prevention of migraine. About Allergan MIND As part of Allergan's ongoing commitment to innovating and inspiring change in the migraine community, the company has established a migraine franchise, Allergan MIND (Migraine: Innovation, Navigation, Discovery), to drive progress and unify its efforts as a worldwide leader in migraine. Allergan MIND represents the company's vision and mission to continue advancing science and improving the lives of people living with migraine with treatments, education and support in the pursuit of migraine freedom. This new migraine franchise serves as a center of excellence and catalyst for advancing the dialogue and treatment landscape in migraine, bringing together diverse stakeholders to rally around the latest insights and developments that will impact the future of migraine. About Allergan plcAllergan plc (NYSE: AGN), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is a global pharmaceutical leader focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceutical, device, biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products for patients around the world. Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products primarily focused on four key therapeutic areas including medical aesthetics, eye care, central nervous system and gastroenterology. As part of its approach to delivering innovation for better patient care, Allergan has built one of the broadest pharmaceutical and device research and development pipelines in the industry. With colleagues and commercial operations located in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives every day. For more information, visit Allergan's website at www.Allergan.com. Forward-Looking StatementStatements contained in this press release that refer to future events or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Allergan's current perspective on existing trends and information as of the date of this release. Actual results may differ materially from Allergan's current expectations depending upon a number of factors affecting Allergan's business. These factors include, among others, the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of FDA approvals or actions, if any; the impact of competitive products and pricing; market acceptance of and continued demand for Allergan's products; the impact of uncertainty around timing of generic entry related to key products, including RESTASIS , on our financial results; risks associated with divestitures, acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures; risks related to impairments; uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected cost reductions, projected debt reduction, projected synergies, restructurings, increased costs, and adverse tax consequences; difficulties or delays in manufacturing; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Allergan's periodic public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to Allergan's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and Allergan's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019. Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. CONTACTS: Allergan: Investors: Manisha Narasimhan, PhD (862) 261-7162 Media: Lisa Brown (862) 261-7320Julie Ciardiello (732) 429-4909 SOURCE Allergan plc Related Links www.allergan.com

Rubicon Technology Announces $3 Million Stock Repurchase Plan BENSENVILLE, IL., Nov. 19, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Rubicon Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: RBCN) today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a stock repurchase plan to buy up to $3 million of its common stock from time to time through open market and private transactions. The timing, price and volume of repurchases will be based upon market conditions, relevant securities laws and other factors. The stock repurchase plan expires on November 19, 2021 and may be terminated at any time. In our opinion, shares of Rubicon s common stock are currently trading at a discount to its intrinsic value. Our decision to repurchase shares reflects our belief that the true value of our assets and business is higher than the current share price, said Timothy Brog, Rubicon s Chief Executive Officer. About Rubicon Technology, Inc. Rubicon Technology, Inc. is an advanced materials provider specializing in monocrystalline sapphire products for optical systems and specialty electronic devices. Rubicon has a proprietary technology platform and expertise extending from the preparation of raw aluminum oxide through sapphire crystal growth and fabrication, enabling Rubicon to supply custom sapphire products with superior quality and precision. Rubicon is ISO 9001 certified and ITAR registered. Rubicon is also exploring various alternatives to enhance stockholder value, including potentially through acquiring an existing business, establishing a new venture, or other investment opportunities in order to utilize Rubicon s substantial net operating losses. Forward-Looking Statements Some statements included in this news release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and, therefore, involve uncertainties or risks that could cause actual results to differ materially therefrom. These statements may contain words such as desires, believes, opinion, anticipates, plans, expects, intends, estimates, seeks, explores or similar expressions. These statements are not guarantees of the Company s future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited to, the pursuit or completion of any acquisition, sale, venture transaction or investment opportunity, or the Company s ability to maximize the value of its sapphire business, real estate or excess assets, utilize its net operating losses or to enhance stockholder value. Additional information regarding factors that could cause results to differ materially from management s expectations are found in the section entitled Risk Factors in the Company s 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2018. The Company intends that the forward-looking statements included herein be subject to the above-mentioned statutory safe harbors. Investors are cautioned not to rely on forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Contact: Rubicon Technology, Inc. Timothy E. Brog Chief Executive Officer (847) 295-7000

First Financial Bankshares Announces Renewal Of Stock Repurchase Plan ABILENE, Texas, March 12, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- First Financial Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: FFIN) announced today the renewal of its existing stock repurchase plan. Pursuant to the renewed plan, the company may repurchase up to 4,000,000 shares of its common stock, which represents approximately 2.8 percent of the Company's outstanding shares as of March 11, 2020, through September 30, 2021. The Board of Directors previously authorized the repurchase of up to 2,000,000 shares of common stock for a three-year period expiring September 30, 2020. The stock buyback plan authorizes management to repurchase the stock at such time and price as repurchases are considered beneficial to the Company and stockholders. Any repurchase of stock will be made through the open market, block trades or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Under the repurchase plan, there is no minimum number of shares that the Company is required to repurchase. "First Financial continues to have one of the strongest capital positions in the banking industry and we believe it is in the best interest of our shareholders to have in place a stock repurchase plan for a portion of our shares at the right stock price if that situation arises," said F. Scott Dueser, Chairman, CEO and President of First Financial. "We also believe this repurchase plan demonstrates our commitment and confidence in the future of First Financial." About First Financial Bankshares Headquartered in Abilene, Texas, First Financial Bankshares is a financial holding company that through its subsidiary, First Financial Bank, N.A., operates multiple banking regions with 78 locations in Texas, including Abilene, Acton, Albany, Aledo, Alvarado, Beaumont, Boyd, Bridgeport, Brock, Bryan, Burleson, College Station, Cisco, Cleburne, Clyde, Conroe, Cut and Shoot, Decatur, Eastland, El Campo, Fort Worth, Fulshear, Glen Rose, Granbury, Grapevine, Hereford, Huntsville, Keller, Kingwood, Magnolia, Mauriceville, Merkel, Midlothian, Mineral Wells, Montgomery, Moran, New Waverly, Newton, Odessa, Orange, Palacios, Port Arthur, Ranger, Rising Star, Roby, San Angelo, Southlake, Stephenville, Sweetwater, Tomball, Trent, Trophy Club, Vidor, Waxahachie, Weatherford, Willis, and Willow Park. The Company also operates First Financial Trust & Asset Management Company, N.A., with eight locations and First Technology Services, Inc., a technology operating company. The Company is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol FFIN. For more information about First Financial, please visit our website at http://www.ffin.com. Certain statements contained herein may be considered "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the belief of the Company's management, as well as assumptions made beyond information currently available to the Company's management, and may be, but not necessarily are, identified by such words as "expect", "plan", "anticipate", "target", "forecast" and "goal". Because such "forward-looking statements" are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's expectations include competition from other financial institutions and financial holding companies; the effects of and changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board; changes in the demand for loans; fluctuations in value of collateral and loan reserves; inflation, interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations; changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; and acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses, and similar variables. Other key risks are described in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained under "Investor Relations-Documents/Filings" on the Company's Web site or by writing or calling the Company at 325.627.7155. Except as otherwise stated in this news announcement, the Company does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements because of new information, future events or otherwise. SOURCE First Financial Bankshares, Inc. Related Links http://www.ffin.com

Allot Research Finds CLA Adoption Key in Delivering Quality of Experience (QoE) in 5G Networks IoT and Security are Key Drivers for CLA Adoption Hod HaSharon, Feb. 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Allot Ltd. (NASDAQ: ALLT) (TASE: ALLT), a leading global provider of innovative network intelligence and security solutions for service providers and enterprises worldwide, today, released findings from its latest Telco Smart Trends Report identifying the increased need for Communications Service Providers (CSPs) to embrace Closed Loop Automation(CLA) to ensure improved and sustained QoE. The report also highlights that IoT and security, fueled by the onset of 5G, will be key drivers for CLA adoption. The report explores how fixed, mobile and converged CSPs are leveraging CLA today, while the industry in parallel prepares for the transition from 4G to 5G. The report details findings from a survey conducted among 100 CSPs worldwide to gauge the value they perceive CLA adds. Key findings of the report include: Despite the benefits that CLA provides in 4G networks, three-quarters of respondents feel that CLA will be most important in either the transition period (50%) or once they have fully implemented 5G (25%). Around two thirds of respondents strongly agree that CLA is important to the growth of security and IoT services. Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) are best positioned to deliver CLA with the added ML and AI capabilities that cost-effectively ensure optimal performance, security and QoE. The respondents identify speed to problem resolution (87%) and improved service performance (87%) as key ways CLA can help The main barriers to implementing CLA solutions for organizations are having the skills to use the technology to the full, understanding the technology, and cost. CSPs are keenly aware of the high vulnerability associated with IoT devices and services, said Akshay Sharma at neXt Curve. CLA will be a critical capability for effectively handling the mounting IoT threats, magnified by the scale of 5G. As traditional metrics such as network Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) become obsolete, CSPs are aware of the need to become more customer centric, focus on Key Quality Indicators (KQIs) and to prioritize quality of experience for end-users, said Ronen Priel, VP, Product and Strategy at Allot. CSPs already realize that they need to embrace CLA and not doing so will prove costly in the near and long-term. Our report points to the fact that the CLA inherent in 5G is not enough and ISVs have the opportunity to provide the additional CLA functionality, powered by AI and ML to meet the growing QoE expectations. About Allot Allot Ltd. (NASDAQ, TASE: ALLT) is a provider of leading innovative network intelligence and security solutions for service providers worldwide, enhancing value to their customers. Our solutions are deployed globally for network and application analytics, traffic control and shaping, network-based security services, and more. Allot's multi-service platforms are deployed by over 500 mobile, fixed and cloud service providers and over 1000 enterprises. Our industry leading network-based security as a service solution has achieved over 50% penetration with some service providers and is already used by over 21 million subscribers in Europe. Allot. See. Control. Secure. For more information, visit www.allot.com. Additional resources: Allot. See. Control. Secure. For more information, visit www.allot.com. Forward Looking Statement This release may contain forward-looking statements, which express the current beliefs and expectations of Company management. Such statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause our future results, performance or achievements to differ significantly from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include risks relating to: our ability to compete successfully with other companies offering competing technologies; the loss of one or more significant customers; consolidation of, and strategic alliances by, our competitors, government regulation; lower demand for key value-added services; our ability to keep pace with advances in technology and to add new features and value-added services; managing lengthy sales cycles; operational risks associated with large projects; our dependence on third party channel partners for a material portion of our revenues; and other factors discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's annual report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements in this release are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date hereof, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Attachment Jodi Joseph ASiag Allot jasiag@allot.com Ruchi Pandey Fusion PR for Allot ruchi.pandey@fusionpr.com Ehud Heft / Gavriel Frohwein Allot Investor Relations +1-646-688-3559 allot@gkir.com

Silicon Motion Announces $200 Million Share Repurchase Program TAIPEI, Taiwan and MILPITAS, Calif., Nov. 21, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Silicon Motion Technology Corporation (NasdaqGS: SIMO) ( Silicon Motion or the Company ) today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a new program for the Company to repurchase up to $200 million of its American Depositary Shares (ADSs) over a 24 month period, effective immediately. We continue to see our controllers benefiting from accelerating SSD adoption in PCs and growing interest in UFS embedded memory by smartphone OEMs, and are making solid progress with our hyperscale SSD projects, said Wallace Kou, Silicon Motion s President and CEO. While our primary focus in creating long-term shareholder value is through growing our business, we have for many years also been delivering value by paying dividends. We are now seeking to boost shareholder returns by opportunistically repurchasing our shares. Repurchases under the new program will be made in the open market or according to other methods in compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b-18, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The Company expects to use cash on hand to fund the repurchases. The plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of ADS, and it may be suspended at any time at the Company's discretion. As of September 30, 2018, the Company had approximately $308.2 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. About Silicon Motion: We are the global leader in supplying NAND flash controllers for solid state storage devices and the merchant leader in supplying SSD controllers. We have the broadest portfolio of controller technologies and our controllers are widely used in embedded storage products such as SSDs and eMMCs, which are found in smartphones, PCs, commercial and industrial applications. We ship over 750 million NAND controllers annually and have shipped over five billion NAND controllers in the last ten years, more than any other company in the world. We also supply specialized high-performance hyperscale data center and industrial SSD solutions. Our customers include most of the NAND flash vendors, storage device module makers, and leading OEMs. For further information on Silicon Motion, visit us at www.siliconmotion.com . Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "expect," "intend," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue," or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Although such statements are based on our own information and information from other sources we believe to be reliable, you should not place undue reliance on them. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual market trends or our actual results of operations, financial condition or business prospects may differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward looking statements for a variety of reasons. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to the unpredictable volume and timing of customer orders, which are not fixed by contract but vary on a purchase order basis; the loss of one or more key customers or the significant reduction, postponement, rescheduling or cancellation of orders from these customers; general economic conditions or conditions in the semiconductor or consumer electronics markets; decreases in the overall average selling prices of our products; the payment or non-payment of cash dividends in the future at the discretion of our board of directors and any announced planned increases in such dividends; changes in the relative sales mix of our products; changes in our cost of finished goods; the availability, pricing, and timeliness of delivery of other components and raw materials used in our customers' products; our customers' sales outlook, purchasing patterns, and inventory adjustments based on consumer demands and general economic conditions its customers and consumers; our ability to successfully develop, introduce, and sell new or enhanced products in a timely manner; and the timing of new product announcements or introductions by us or by our competitors. For additional discussion of these risks and uncertainties and other factors, please see the documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed on April 30, 2018. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this press release.

SHAWCOR PROVIDES BUSINESS UPDATE AND ANNOUNCES DIVIDEND SUSPENSION TORONTO, March 16, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Shawcor Ltd. (TSX: SCL) announced today that it will be undertaking a series of measures to address the uncertainty and expected market slowdown caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and recent changes in oil and gas supply and demand that are expected to reduce capital investments by operators. These measures will include the acceleration of already planned plant closures, exiting of expected low profitability markets, selling of select businesses and assets and additional reductions to our working capital and fixed cost structure, all designed to further strengthen the Company s balance sheet. To date, already identified cost reduction opportunities should provide a 6 to 12 month payback. Initially, the target is in excess of $60 million in annualized SG&A and other cost savings and in excess of $40 million in cash generated from working capital reductions and asset sales. In addition, the Company will suspend the regular quarterly dividend until further notice, commencing in the second quarter. The dividend declared on February 27, 2020 will be paid as planned on March 31, 2020. On an annual basis, the regular dividend was in excess of $40 million. We expect that these actions, Shawcor s strong backlog, geographic diversity and the returns from our non-oil and gas related businesses will provide the support needed for Shawcor to continue to be an industry leader in these uncertain times and we believe they should generate sufficient cash and EBITDA1 to allow the Company to remain within the amended banking covenants announced on February 27, 2020. An update on these actions will be provided prior to our May 13th annual meeting of shareholders. Shawcor Ltd. is a global company serving various sectors of the Infrastructure, Energy and Transportation markets through three reporting segments: Pipeline and Pipe Services, Composite Systems and Automotive and Industrial. The Company operates through a global network of fixed and mobile manufacturing and service facilities and is valued for its integrity, technology and proven capability to execute the most complex projects in its industry. This news release contains forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Words such as "may", "will", "should", "anticipate", "plan", "expect", "believe", "predict", "estimate" or similar terminology are used to identify forward-looking information. This forward-looking information is based on assumptions, estimates and analysis made in the light of the Company's experience and its perception of trends, current conditions and expected developments, as well as other factors that are believed by the Company to be reasonable and relevant in the circumstances. Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those predicted, expressed or implied by the forward-looking information and readers are cautioned not to unduly rely on forward-looking information. The forward-looking information is provided as of the date of this news release and the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking information to reflect new events or circumstances, except as required by law. 1EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure defined as earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA does not have a standardized meaning under GAAP and is not necessarily comparable to similar measures provided by other companies. For further information Shawcor Ltd. Paul Pierroz Senior Vice President, Corporate and Investor Relations Tel: 416-744-5540 Email: paul.pierroz@shawcor.com Website: www.shawcor.com

Sempra Energy Declares Common And Preferred Dividends SAN DIEGO, June 11, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Sempra Energy (NYSE: SRE) today announced that its board of directors has declared a $1.045 per share quarterly dividend on the company's common stock, which is payable July 15, 2020, to common stock shareholders of record at the close of business on June 26, 2020. Sempra Energy's board of directors also declared a quarterly dividend of $1.50 per share on Sempra Energy's 6% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A. Additionally, Sempra Energy's board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $1.6875 per share on the company's 6.75% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B. The preferred stock dividends will be payable July 15, 2020, to preferred stock shareholders of record at the close of business on July 1, 2020. About Sempra EnergySempra Energy's mission is to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company. With more than $60 billion in total assets in 2019, the San Diego-based company is the utility holding company with the largest U.S. customer base. The Sempra Energy companies' more than 18,000 employees deliver energy with purpose to over 35 million consumers worldwide. The company is focused on the most attractive markets in North America, including California, Texas, Mexico and the LNG export market. Sempra Energy has been consistently recognized for its leadership in sustainability, and diversity and inclusion, and is a member of the S&P 500 Utilities Index and the Dow Jones Utility Index. The company was also named one of the "World's Most Admired Companies" for 2020 by Fortune Magazine. This press release contains statements that are not historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions with respect to the future, involve risks and uncertainties, and are not guarantees of performance. Future results may differ materially from those expressed in the forward- looking statements. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this press release. We assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or other factors. In this press release, forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "plans," "estimates," "projects," "forecasts," "should," "could," "would," "will," "confident," "may," "can," "potential," "possible," "proposed," "target," "pursue," "outlook," "maintain," or similar expressions, or when we discuss our guidance, strategy, goals, vision, mission, opportunities, projections or intentions. Factors, among others, that could cause our actual results and future actions to differ materially from those described in any forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties relating to: California wildfires and the risk that we may be found liable for damages regardless of fault and the risk that we may not be able to recover any such costs from insurance, the wildfire fund established by California Assembly Bill 1054 or in rates from customers; decisions, investigations, regulations, issuances of permits and other authorizations, renewal of franchises, and other actions by the Comisi n Federal de Electricidad, California Public Utilities Commission, U.S. Department of Energy, Public Utility Commission of Texas, regulatory and governmental bodies and jurisdictions in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate; the success of business development efforts, construction projects and major acquisitions and divestitures, including risks in (i) the ability to make a final investment decision and completing construction projects on schedule and budget, (ii) obtaining the consent of partners, (iii) counterparties' financial or other ability to fulfill contractual commitments, (iv) the ability to complete contemplated acquisitions and/or divestitures, and (v) the ability to realize anticipated benefits from any of these efforts once completed; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our (i) ability to commence and complete capital and other projects and obtain regulatory approvals, (ii) supply chain and current and prospective counterparties, contractors, customers, employees and partners, (iii) liquidity, resulting from bill payment challenges experienced by our customers, decreased stability and accessibility of the capital markets and other factors, and (iv) ability to sustain operations and satisfy compliance requirements due to social distancing measures or if employee absenteeism were to increase significantly; the resolution of civil and criminal litigation, regulatory investigations and proceedings, and arbitrations; actions by credit rating agencies to downgrade our credit ratings or to place those ratings on negative outlook and our ability to borrow at favorable interest rates; moves to reduce or eliminate reliance on natural gas and the impact of the extreme volatility and unprecedented decline of oil prices on our businesses and development projects; weather, natural disasters, accidents, equipment failures, computer system outages and other events that disrupt our operations, damage our facilities and systems, cause the release of harmful materials, cause fires and subject us to liability for property damage or personal injuries, fines and penalties, some of which may not be covered by insurance (including costs in excess of applicable policy limits), may be disputed by insurers or may otherwise not be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms or may impact our ability to obtain satisfactory levels of affordable insurance; the availability of electric power and natural gas and natural gas storage capacity, including disruptions caused by failures in the transmission grid, limitations on the withdrawal or injection of natural gas from or into storage facilities, and equipment failures; cybersecurity threats to the energy grid, storage and pipeline infrastructure, the information and systems used to operate our businesses, and the confidentiality of our proprietary information and the personal information of our customers and employees; expropriation of assets, the failure of foreign governments and state-owned entities to honor the terms of contracts, and property disputes; the impact at San Diego Gas & Electric Company (SDG&E) on competitive customer rates and reliability due to the growth in distributed power generation and from departing retail load resulting from customers transferring to Direct Access, Community Choice Aggregation or other forms of distributed power generation and the risk of nonrecovery for stranded assets and contractual obligations; Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC's (Oncor) ability to eliminate or reduce its quarterly dividends due to regulatory and governance requirements and commitments, including by actions of Oncor's independent directors or a minority member director; volatility in foreign currency exchange, interest and inflation rates and commodity prices and our ability to effectively hedge the risk of such volatility; changes in trade policies, laws and regulations, including tariffs and revisions to or replacement of international trade agreements, such as the North American Free Trade Agreement, that may increase our costs or impair our ability to resolve trade disputes; the impact of changes to federal and state tax laws and our ability to mitigate adverse impacts; and other uncertainties, some of which may be difficult to predict and are beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties are further discussed in the reports that Sempra Energy has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports are available through the EDGAR system free-of-charge on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov, and on the company's website, www.sempra.com. Investors should not rely unduly on any forward-looking statements. Sempra South American Utilities, Sempra North American Infrastructure, Sempra LNG, Sempra Mexico, Sempra Texas Utilities, Oncor and Infraestructura Energ tica Nova, S.A.B. de C.V. (IEnova) are not the same companies as the California utilities, SDG&E or Southern California Gas Company, and Sempra South American Utilities, Sempra North American Infrastructure, Sempra LNG, Sempra Mexico, Sempra Texas Utilities, Oncor and IEnova are not regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission. SOURCE Sempra Energy Related Links http://www.sempra.com

Aquestive Therapeutics Advances Royalty Monetization Plan as Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Apomorphine Sublingual Film Therapy Receives FDA Approval WARREN, N.J., May 21, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AQST), a pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing differentiated products that address patients unmet needs and solve therapeutic problems, today announced plans to advance its strategy to monetize the anticipated royalties associated with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals apomorphine sublingual film APL-130277, which received FDA approval to treat motor fluctuations (OFF episodes) experienced by people living with Parkinson s disease. Keith J. Kendall, President and Chief Executive Officer of Aquestive, stated, We are pleased to see that the FDA has granted approval for Sunovion s apomorphine sublingual film, as expected. This approval is another validation of the significant value our PharmFilm based therapies provide in satisfying unmet needs to certain underserved patient populations. We expect that this therapy will generate substantial future license and royalty revenues for our company and we are meeting with potential investors for the monetization of this royalty stream. We continue to expect that we will receive between $50 to $100 million of non-dilutive capital from the monetization, in one or a series of transactions. The timing of the monetization will depend on market conditions, and will be executed at a time that is optimal for Aquestive. Based on our current planning and expectations, we believe that we are positioned well with current cash resources and proceeds from a potential monetization of this royalty stream to extend our capital runway well into 2021 and possibly beyond. As disclosed in Aquestive s filings with the SEC, in April 2016, Aquestive entered into a license agreement with Cynapsus Therapeutics (which was later succeeded to in interest by Sunovion), pursuant to which Aquestive granted Sunovion an exclusive, worldwide license (with the right to sub-license) to certain intellectual property, including existing and future patents and patent applications, covering all oral films containing APL-130277 (apomorphine) for the treatment of motor fluctuations (OFF episodes) in Parkinson s disease patients, as well as two other therapeutic fields. About Aquestive Therapeutics Aquestive Therapeutics is a pharmaceutical company that applies innovative technology to solve therapeutic problems and improve medicines for patients. Aquestive is advancing a late-stage proprietary product pipeline to treat CNS conditions and provide alternatives to invasively administered standard of care therapies. The Company also collaborates with other pharmaceutical companies to bring new molecules to market using proprietary, best-in-class technologies, like PharmFilm , and has proven capabilities for drug development and commercialization. Forward-Looking Statement This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as believe, anticipate, plan, expect, estimate, intend, may, will, or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding therapeutic benefits and plans and objectives for regulatory approvals of AQST-108, LibervantTM and our other product candidates; ability to obtain FDA approval and advance AQST-108, Libervant and our other product candidates to the market, statements about our growth and future financial and operating results and financial position, regulatory approval and pathways, clinical trial timing and plans, our and our competitors orphan drug approval and resulting drug exclusivity for our products or products of our competitors, short-term and long-term liquidity and cash requirements, cash funding and cash burn, business strategies, market opportunities, and other statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements also are subject to the uncertain impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic on our business including with respect to our clinical trials including site initiation, patient enrollment and timing and adequacy of clinical trials; on regulatory submissions and regulatory reviews and approvals of our product candidates; pharmaceutical ingredient and other raw materials supply chain, manufacture, and distribution; sale of and demand of our products; our liquidity and availability of capital resources; customer demand for our products and services; customers ability to pay for goods and services; and ongoing availability of an appropriate labor force and skilled professionals. Given these uncertainties, the Company is unable to provide assurance that operations can be maintained as planned prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks associated with the Company's development work, including any delays or changes to the timing, cost and success of our product development activities and clinical trials and plans; risk of delays in FDA approval of Libervant and our other drug candidates or failure to receive approval; risk of our ability to demonstrate to the FDA clinical superiority within the meaning of the FDA regulations of our drug candidate Libervant relative to FDA-approved diazepam rectal gel and nasal spray products including by establishing a major contribution to patient care within the meaning of FDA regulations relative to the approval of products and there can be no assurance that we will be successful; risk that a competitor obtains FDA orphan drug exclusivity for a product with the same active moiety as any of our other drug products for which we are seeking FDA approval and that such earlier approved competitor orphan drug blocks such other product candidates in the U.S. for seven years for the same indication; risk inherent in commercializing a new product (including technology risks, financial risks, market risks and implementation risks and regulatory limitations); risk of development of our sales and marketing capabilities; risk of legal costs associated with and the outcome of our patent litigation challenging third party at risk generic sale of our proprietary products; risk of sufficient capital and cash resources, including access to available debt and equity financing and revenues from operations, to satisfy all of our short-term and longer term cash requirements and other cash needs, at the times and in the amounts needed; risk of failure to satisfy all financial and other debt covenants and of any default; risk related to government claims against Indivior for which we license, manufacture and sell Suboxone and which accounts for the substantial part of our current operating revenues; risk associated with Indivior s cessation of production of its authorized generic buprenorphine naloxone film product, including the impact from loss of orders for the authorized generic product and risk of eroding market share for Suboxone and risk of sunsetting product; risks related to the outsourcing of certain sales, marketing and other operational and staff functions to third parties; risk of the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product and product candidates; the success of any competing products, including generics; risk of the size and growth of our product markets; risks of compliance with all FDA and other governmental and customer requirements for our manufacturing facilities; risks associated with intellectual property rights and infringement claims relating to the Company's products; risk of unexpected patent developments; the impact of existing and future legislation and regulatory provisions on product exclusivity; legislation or regulatory actions affecting pharmaceutical product pricing, reimbursement or access; claims and risks that may arise regarding the safety or efficacy of the Company's products and product candidates; risk of loss of significant customers; risks related to legal proceedings, including patent infringement, investigative and antitrust litigation matters; changes in government laws and regulations; risk of product recalls and withdrawals; uncertainties related to general economic, political, business, industry, regulatory and market conditions and other unusual items; and other uncertainties affecting the Company described in the Risk Factors section and in other sections included in our Annual Report on Form 10 K, in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and in our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC). Given those uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. All subsequent forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. The Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements or outlook or guidance after the date of this press release whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law. __________________________________ PharmFilm and the Aquestive logo are registered trademarks of Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. All other registered trademarks referenced herein are the property of their respective owners.

American Software s Board Approves the Quarterly Cash Dividend ATLANTA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--American Software, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMSWA) today announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $.11 per share. The dividend is payable to the Company s Class A and Class B Shareholders of record at the close of business on November 20, 2020, to be paid on or about December 4, 2020. About American Software, Inc. Atlanta-based American Software, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMSWA), delivers innovative AI-powered supply chain management and advanced retail planning platforms. Logility, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of American Software, is accelerating digital supply chain optimization and advanced retail planning from product concept to customer availability and companies transform their supply chain operations to gain a competitive advantage. Recognized for its high-touch approach to customer service, rapid implementations and industry-leading return on investment (ROI), Logility customers include Big Lots, Husqvarna Group, Parker Hannifin, Sonoco Products, Red Wing Shoe Company and VF Corporation. Demand Management, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Logility, delivers affordable, easy-to-use Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) supply chain planning solutions designed to increase forecast accuracy, improve customer service and reduce inventory to maximize profits and lower costs. Demand Management serves customers such as Siemens Healthcare, AutomationDirect.com and Newfoundland Labrador Liquor Corporation. New Generation Computing, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of American Software, powers the digital supply chain to enable brand owners and retailers to maximize revenue and profit by accelerating lead times, streamlining product development, and optimizing sourcing and distribution. NGC customers include Brooks Brothers, Carter s, Destination XL, Fanatics, Foot Locker, Jockey International, Lacoste and Spanx. The comprehensive American Software supply chain and retail planning portfolio includes advanced analytics, supply chain visibility, demand, inventory and replenishment planning, Sales and Operations Planning (S&OP), Integrated Business Planning (IBP), supply and inventory optimization, manufacturing planning and scheduling, retail merchandise and assortment planning and allocation, product lifecycle management (PLM), sourcing management, and vendor quality and compliance. For more information about American Software, please visit www.amsoftware.com, call (404) 364-7615 or email Kliu@amsoftware.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by statements made herein. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, technology and the market for the Company's products and services, including economic conditions within the e-commerce markets; the timely availability and market acceptance of these products and services; the Company s ability to satisfy in a timely manner all SEC required filings and the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations adopted under that Section; the challenges and risks associated with integration of acquired product lines and companies; the effect of competitive products and pricing; the uncertainty of the viability and effectiveness of strategic alliances; and the irregular pattern of the Company's revenues. For further information about risks the Company could experience as well as other information, please refer to the Company's current Form 10-K and other reports and documents subsequently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For more information, contact: Vincent C. Klinges, Chief Financial Officer, American Software, Inc., (404) 264-5477 or fax: (404) 264-5298. American Software is a registered trademark of American Software, Inc.. Other products mentioned in this document are registered marks, trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.

Maxar Technologies' DigitalGlobe Selected to Create a Geospatial Cloud Analytics Hub for DARPA WESTMINSTER, CO, Sept. 24, 2018 /PRNewswire/ - DigitalGlobe, a Maxar Technologies company (formerly MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates Ltd.) (NYSE: MAXR) (TSX: MAXR), announced today that it has been awarded a contract valued at $3.2 million by the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to provide an unclassified environment with multi-source content for geospatial cloud analytics. This platform, called the Geospatial Cloud Analytics Hub (GCA Hub), will enable military and intelligence end users to leverage machine learning to extract insights at scale and make critical decisions. MDA, also a Maxar company, will provide RADARSAT-2 synthetic aperture radar (SAR) data and SAR data curation and processing tools to help DARPA users detect features and change faster and more accurately within GCA Hub. DigitalGlobe's Geospatial Big Data platform (GBDX), a commercially-developed, cloud-based analytics platform, will serve as the foundation for DARPA's GCA Hub. GBDX provides access to DigitalGlobe's 100-petabyte library of high-resolution satellite imagery as well as open-source and commercial data provided by the company's growing list of content ecosystem partners. MDA's RADARSAT-2 SAR dataset permits users to observe valuable features and changes that go undetected with other imaging techniques, and provides day and night coverage regardless of weather. The GCA Hub enables Defense Department analysts to apply government, commercial and open-source algorithms to geospatial data sources including electro-optical (EO) imagery, SAR imagery, and automatic identification system (AIS) data. This process allows analysts to exploit geospatial information at a scale never done before and focus on understanding what's happening on Earth at any time. With GCA Hub, DARPA advances the state-of-the-art for enabling analysts with a secure, powerful tool to make sense of the growing volume of geospatial data for projects like predicting food shortages, locating the construction of oil fracking sites, and illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing. "DARPA's requirements demonstrate the power of processing and interpreting large amounts of different kinds of geospatial data at scale," said Dr. Shay Har-Noy, DigitalGlobe Vice President of Unified Platform. "Our solution for DARPA leverages strategic investments we've already made for commercial customers, proves the utility of our cloud-based platform, and will become foundational to helping defense and intelligence users to solve problems at scale in the future. We are proud to be a trusted DARPA partner." DigitalGlobe has been empowering start-ups and established companies to build successful commercial analytics products and services utilizing the innovative and agile GBDX platform. GBDX ecosystem partners provide valuable insights to a variety of industries, including the financial, energy, insurance, defense and intelligence markets, to Build a Better World. This document was cleared by DARPA on September 21, 2018. Approved for Public Release, Distribution Unlimited. About DigitalGlobe DigitalGlobe is the global leader in commercial high-resolution satellite imagery used by decision makers to better understand our changing planet in order to save lives, resources and time. Sourced from the world's leading constellation, our imagery solutions deliver unmatched coverage and capacity to meet our customers' most demanding mission requirements. Each day customers in defense and intelligence, public safety, civil agencies, map making and analysis, environmental monitoring, oil and gas exploration, infrastructure management, navigation technology, and providers of location-based services depend on DigitalGlobe data, information, technology and expertise to gain actionable insight. DigitalGlobe is a Maxar Technologies company (NYSE: MAXR) (TSX: MAXR). For more information visit www.DigitalGlobe.com. About Maxar Technologies As a global leader of advanced space technology solutions, Maxar Technologies (formerly MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates) is at the nexus of the new space economy, developing and sustaining the infrastructure and delivering the information, services, systems that unlock the promise of space for commercial and government markets. As a trusted partner, Maxar Technologies provides vertically integrated capabilities and expertise including satellites, Earth imagery, robotics, geospatial data and analytics to help customers anticipate and address their most complex mission-critical challenges with confidence. With more than 6,500 employees in over 30 global locations, the Maxar Technologies portfolio of commercial space brands includes MDA, SSL, DigitalGlobe and Radiant Solutions. Every day, billions of people rely on Maxar to communicate, share information and data, and deliver insights that Build a Better World. Maxar trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange as MAXR. For more information, visit www.maxar.com. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements and other information included in this release constitute "forward-looking information" or "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "forward-looking statements") under applicable securities laws. Statements including words such as "may", "will", "could", "should", "would", "plan", "potential", "intend", "anticipate", "believe", "estimate" or "expect" and other words, terms and phrases of similar meaning are often intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, expectations, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions, risks and uncertainties, as well as other statements referring to or including forward-looking information included in this release. Forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or expectations expressed in this release. As a result, although management of the Company believes that the expectations and assumptions on which such forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements because the Company can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. The risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, the risk factors and other disclosures about the Company and its business included in the Company's continuous disclosure materials filed from time to time with Canadian and U.S. securities regulatory authorities, which are available online under the Company's SEDAR profile at www.sedar.com, under the Company's EDGAR profile at www.sec.gov or on the Company's website at www.maxar.com. The forward-looking statements contained in this release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. All such forward-looking statements are based upon data available as of the date of this release or other specified date and speak only as of such date. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements in this release as a result of new information or future events, except as may be required under applicable securities legislation. Investor Relations ContactJason GurskyMaxar Technologies1-303-684-2207[email protected] Media ContactKristin CarringerDigitalGlobe1-303-684-4352[email protected] SOURCE Maxar Technologies Ltd. Related Links www.maxar.com

Alcanna Inc. Announces Termination of Quarterly Cash Dividend EDMONTON, Alberta, Dec. 13, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Alcanna Inc. (the "Company" or Alcanna ) (TSX:"CLIQ") announced today that it will eliminate its quarterly cash dividend effective immediately. As a result of the termination of its dividend, the Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the DRIP ) will also be terminated. The Company has embarked on a capital-intensive growth strategy over the next 2-3 years. Capital will be invested in as many as 10 new Wine and Beyond stores in Alberta and possibly elsewhere, building out Nova Cannabis stores, funding the initial launch of the Canadian Liquor Retailers Alliance, as well as completion of the ERP and potential future acquisitions. The Company believes that it is in the best interests of the shareholders to invest all free cash flow in the growth opportunities available to the business which is expected to result in an increase in shareholder value over the medium term versus continuing dividend payments. The Company intends to provide each DRIP participant notice of such termination in accordance with the terms of the DRIP. ABOUT ALCANNA INC. Alcanna (formerly Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd.) is one of the largest private sector retailers of controlled substances in North America and the largest in Canada owning and operating 233 alcohol and cannabis retail locations in Alberta, B.C. and Alaska. With revenues in excess of $600 million per year, Alcanna processes over 20 million individual retail transactions. Alcanna's innovative Wine and Beyond brand brought an entirely new concept to alcohol sales in Alberta in a large format experiential environment with over 10,000 different products to choose from, many sold only at Alcanna stores, at competitive prices while our Liquor Depot brand is ubiquitous throughout Alberta. Alcanna s Nova Cannabis banner established itself as a market leader in Alberta in the early weeks of cannabis legalisation. Alcanna's common shares and convertible subordinated debentures trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbols CLIQ and CLIQ.DB , respectively. Additional information about Alcanna Inc. is available at www.sedar.com and its website at www.alcanna.ca/investors . FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This news release contains forward-looking statements or information (collectively "forward-looking statements") within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as intend , anticipate , "will", "should", plan , expect and similar words suggesting future events or future performance. All statements and information other than statements of historical fact contained in this news release are forward-looking statements. In particular, this news release contains forward-looking statements pertaining to: the Company s growth strategy over the next 2-3 years; the use of capital, including to open new Wine and Beyond and Nova Cannabis stores, funding the initial launch of the Canadian Liquor Retailers Alliance, the completion of the Company s ERP, potential future acquisitions, and for other purposes; and that such investment of capital will increase value for shareholders. With respect to forward-looking statements contained in this news release, the Company has made assumptions regarding, among other things: the ability of management to successfully execute its growth strategy, deploy capital and increase shareholder value; and to open and successfully operate new Wine and Beyond and Nova Cannabis locations. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements, and the assumptions on which such forward-looking statements are made, are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations and assumptions will prove to be correct. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements included in this news release. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual performance and financial results to differ materially from any estimates, forecasts or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things: the ability of management to execute the Company s growth strategy; the risk that capital deployed will not increase shareholder value; and the other factors described in the Company s public filings (including the Annual Information Form) available at www.sedar.com . Readers are cautioned that this list of risk factors should not be construed as exhaustive. The forward-looking statements contained in this news release are made as of the date hereof. Except as expressly required by applicable securities legislation, Alcanna does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The forward-looking statements contained in this news release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. For further information David Gordey Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Alcanna Inc. (780) 497 3262

Boston Scientific Closes Acquisition of BTG plc. MARLBOROUGH, Mass., Aug. 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Boston Scientific Corporation (NYSE: BSX) today announced the completion of its acquisition of BTG plc. (LSE: BTG) pursuant to the previously announced scheme of arrangement. BTG develops and commercializes products used in minimally-invasive procedures targeting cancer and vascular diseases, as well as specialty pharmaceuticals. BTG has three key businesses, the largest of which is its highly-differentiated Interventional Medicine portfolio that encompasses interventional oncology therapeutic technologies for patients with liver and kidney cancers, as well as a vascular portfolio for treatment of deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, deep venous obstruction and superficial venous disease. "The addition of the BTG Interventional Medicine portfolio reinforces our category leadership strategy and enables us to offer best-in-class technologies, unparalleled clinical evidence and a strengthened commercial infrastructure to support physicians treating some of the most challenging diseases impacting patient health around the world," said Mike Mahoney, chairman and chief executive officer, Boston Scientific. "Leveraging the employee talent and clinical and commercial expertise of these two high-performing organizations will generate continued innovation and access so that we may advance patient care in ways that neither company could do alone." In addition to the Interventional Medicine product lines, the BTG portfolio also includes a specialty pharmaceutical business comprised of acute care antidotes to treat overexposure to certain medications and toxins, and a licensing business that receives royalties related to BTG intellectual property and product license agreements. Upon the effectiveness of the scheme of arrangement, BTG became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Boston Scientific, and BTG shares no longer trade on the London Stock Exchange. Under the terms of the previously announced transaction, holders of BTG common shares will receive 840 pence in cash per share. Boston Scientific expects to complete the previously announced sale of its global embolic microspheres portfolio comprised of Embozene , Embozene TANDEM and ONCOZENE brands to Varian Medical Systems, Inc. in due course, a transaction entered into in connection with obtaining the antitrust clearances required to complete the BTG transaction. In addition, the company is initiating a process to explore the divestiture of the royalty stream associated with BTG's Zytiga licensing arrangements and anticipates closing this divestiture by the end of 2019. The transaction is expected to be immaterial to adjusted earnings per share in 2019 as a result of the BTG transaction closing later than originally anticipated, the divestiture of the Boston Scientific embolic microspheres portfolio, and the treatment of the licensing business as an asset for accounting purposes and its intended divestiture. The transaction is expected to be four to five cents accretive in 2020 on an adjusted basis, and increasingly accretive thereafter. On a GAAP basis, the transaction is expected to be less accretive, or more dilutive as the case may be, due to amortization expense and acquisition-related net charges. About Boston ScientificBoston Scientific transforms lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients around the world. As a global medical technology leader for 40 years, we advance science for life by providing a broad range of high-performance solutions that address unmet patient needs and reduce the cost of healthcare. For more information, visit www.bostonscientific.com and connect on Twitter and Facebook. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words like "anticipate," "expect," "project," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "intend" and similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and estimates using information available to us at the time and are not intended to be guarantees of future events or performance. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding the financial impact of the BTG transaction, the closing of the divestiture of our microspheres business, our business plans, regulatory approvals, product development and product performance and impact. If our underlying assumptions turn out to be incorrect, or if certain risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. These factors, in some cases, have affected and in the future (together with other factors) could affect our ability to implement our business strategy and may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements expressed in this press release. As a result, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of our forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include, among other things: future economic, competitive, reimbursement and regulatory conditions; new product introductions; demographic trends; intellectual property; litigation; financial market conditions; and future business decisions made by us and our competitors. All of these factors are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of them are beyond our control. For a further list and description of these and other important risks and uncertainties that may affect our future operations, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which we may update in Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q we have filed or will file hereafter. We disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in our expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which those expectations may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. This cautionary statement is applicable to all forward-looking statements contained in this document. Use of Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresTo supplement our consolidated financial statements presented on a GAAP basis, we disclose certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted net income and adjusted net income (earnings) per share that excludes certain charges and/or credits, such as amortization expense and acquisition-related net charges (credits). These non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and should not be considered in isolation from or as a replacement for the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Further, other companies may calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, which may limit the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. For further information regarding our non-GAAP measures, see Part II, Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, which we may update in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q we have filed or will file hereafter. CONTACTS: Trish BackesMedia Relations Boston Scientific Corporation(651) 582-5887 (office)[email protected] Susie Lisa, CFAInvestor RelationsBoston Scientific Corporation(508) 683-5565 (office)[email protected] SOURCE Boston Scientific Corporation Related Links http://www.bostonscientific.com

Global Pharmaceutical Contract Research and Manufacturing (CRAM) Market Forecasts to 2024 DUBLIN, March 20, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- The "Global Pharmaceutical Contract Research and Manufacturing (CRAM) Market 2020-2024" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering. The global pharmaceutical contract research and manufacturing (CRAM) market 2020-2024 is poised to grow by USD 69.09 bn during 2020-2024, progressing at a CAGR of 9% during the forecast period. The report on the global pharmaceutical CRAM market 2020-2024 provides a holistic analysis, market size and forecast, trends, growth drivers, and challenges, as well as vendor analysis covering around 25 vendors.The report offers an up-to-date analysis regarding the current global market scenario, latest trends and drivers, and the overall market environment. The market is driven by availability of cost-efficient resources in emerging markets. In addition, the growing need to focus on core competencies is anticipated to boost the growth of the global pharmaceutical CRAM market 2020-2024 as well.Market SegmentationService: CMO CRO Geographic Segmentation: North America APAC Europe ROW Key trends for global pharmaceutical CRAM market 2020-2024 growthThis study identifies growing the need to focus on core competencies as the prime reason driving the global pharmaceutical contract research and manufacturing (CRAM) market 2020-2024 growth during the next few years.Prominent vendors in the global pharmaceutical CRAM market 2020-2024.The report provides a detailed analysis of around 25 vendors operating in the global pharmaceutical contract research and manufacturing (CRAM) market 2020-2024, including some of the vendors such as: Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH Cadila Healthcare Ltd. Catalent Inc. Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd. ICON Plc IQVIA Holding Inc. Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings Lonza Group Ltd. PRA Health Sciences Inc. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/2hppk4 About ResearchAndMarkets.comResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets, key industries, the top companies, new products and the latest trends. Research and Markets also offers Custom Research services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research. Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager [email protected] For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1904 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com

Horizon Bancorp, Inc. Announces Stock Repurchase Program MICHIGAN CITY, Ind., July 17, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Horizon Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ GS: HBNC, Horizon ) announced today that its Board of Directors (the Board ) authorized a program for the repurchase of up to 2,250,000 shares of Horizon s issued and outstanding common stock, no par value. This stock repurchase program reflects the Board s and management s commitment to increasing shareholder value, said Craig M. Dwight, Chief Executive Officer of Horizon. We believe that at current price levels, Horizon s shares are an attractive investment and our repurchase program reflects our continuing confidence in Horizon s financial strength. Given our strong balance sheet, we believe we can implement this program and continue to retain sufficient liquidity to execute upon our business strategy and maintain our well-capitalized status. Under the terms of the repurchase program, shares may be repurchased from time to time at Horizon s discretion on the open market, through block trades, in privately-negotiated transactions, or otherwise, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other considerations. The authorization is effective immediately, and the program will continue until otherwise modified, suspended, or terminated by the Board in its sole discretion and without notice. The repurchase program does not obligate Horizon to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be terminated, suspended, or modified at any time. Horizon s stock repurchase activities under the program will be conducted in compliance with the safe harbor provisions of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Horizon s management will determine the timing and amount of any repurchases based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The stock repurchase program will be funded with cash on hand. About Horizon Bancorp, Inc. Horizon Bancorp, Inc. is an independent, commercial bank holding company serving northern and central Indiana, and southwest, central and the Great Lakes Bay regions of Michigan through its commercial banking subsidiary, Horizon Bank. Horizon Bancorp, Inc. may be reached online at www.horizonbank.com. Its common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol HBNC. Forward Looking Statements This press release may contain forward-looking statements regarding the financial performance, business prospects, growth and operating strategies of Horizon. For these statements, Horizon claims the protections of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements in this press release should be considered in conjunction with the other information available about Horizon, including the information in the filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations or forecasts of future events and are not guarantees of future performance. The forward-looking statements are based on management s expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as anticipate, estimate, project, intend, plan, believe, will and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially include risk factors relating to the banking industry and the other factors detailed from time to time in Horizon s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those described in its Form 10-K. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Horizon does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to publicly release the result of any revisions that may be made to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the events or circumstances after the date on which the forward-looking statement is made, or reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except to the extent required by law. Horizon Contact Information: Craig M. Dwight Chairman & Chief Executive Office Phone: (219) 873-2725 Fax: (219) 874-9280 Mark E. Secor Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Phone: (219) 873-2611 Fax: (219) 874-9280

General Dynamics Information Technology Awarded Federal Health Care Quality Measurement Contract GDIT becomes pre qualified to compete on task orders to help CMS improve federal health care system. FAIRFAX, Va., Nov. 9, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services' (CMS) Center for Clinical Standards & Quality has awarded the Measure and Instrument Development and Support (MIDS) contract to General Dynamics Information Technology (GDIT). The multiple-award, indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract will allow GDIT to bid on individual task orders related to federal health care quality management. The contract holds an estimated ceiling value of $1.6 billion and includes a base period of five years, with an additional five-year option period. "GDIT will continue our broader partnership with CMS and our five-year legacy supporting the MIDS initiative," said Vice President Kamal Narang, head of GDIT's Health Sector. "GDIT's next-generation technology is making dramatic leaps in quality analysis and cost-saving efficiencies. These and other tools will help CMS in their important mission of providing quality health care and resources." Under this IDIQ, GDIT will support CMS for another ten years as it carries out its obligation to drive improvement in the federal health care system through the development and use of quality measures and related activities. Through this contract mechanism, CMS will develop, implement and align measures that fill critical gaps for national quality priorities. These include measures relating to clinical quality of care, care coordination, population and community health, safety, person and caregiver-centered experience and outcomes and efficiency and cost reduction. GDIT provides the in-depth subject matter expertise and quality measure support services CMS requires to deliver high-quality care for different population groups. Through the MIDS contract, GDIT will support the development of outcome, process, cost and composite quality measures required for addressing numerous sites of care, including psychiatric hospitals, nursing homes, home health agencies, accountable care organizations, hospice programs, rehabilitation facilities and cancer hospitals. For more information about General Dynamics Information Technology, a business unit of General Dynamics (NYSE: GD), please visit www.gdit.com. SOURCE General Dynamics Information Technology Related Links http://www.gdit.com

Navient announces agreement that accelerates share repurchase plans WILMINGTON, Del., Jan. 28, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Navient Corporation (Nasdaq: NAVI) today announced that it has entered into an agreement to repurchase 20,346,464 shares of common stock owned by certain Canyon Partners, LLC affiliates at a purchase price of $14.77 per share. This agreement is a unique opportunity to accelerate Navient s share repurchase plans, said Jack Remondi, president and CEO, Navient. Canyon has been a significant shareholder and we ve appreciated their perspective and input, which will continue to help shape the company s business plans going forward. We are committed to building upon our exceptional 2019 results, continuing to deliver superior value for our customers and shareholders. Navient previously announced a share repurchase program under which it is authorized to repurchase up to $1 billion of Navient s outstanding common stock. As a result of the shares already repurchased in the open market and this agreement with Canyon, Navient will have approximately $674 million in remaining share repurchase authority. Navient continues to expect its total 2020 share repurchase to be broadly in line with 2019 repurchases and the remaining repurchases are likely to be conducted throughout the year. The price of the shares repurchased from Canyon s affiliates equals the closing price of Navient stock on Jan. 27, 2020. Upon completion of the sale, Canyon will no longer hold Navient stock. About Navient Navient (Nasdaq: NAVI) is a leader in education loan management and business processing solutions for education, healthcare and government clients at the federal, state and local levels. The company helps its clients and millions of Americans achieve financial success through services and support. Headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware, Navient also employs team members in western New York, northeastern Pennsylvania, Indiana, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Wisconsin and other locations. Learn more at Navient.com. Contact: Media: Paul Hartwick, 302-283-4026, paul.hartwick@navient.com Investors: Joe Fisher, 302-283-4075, joe.fisher@navient.com, Nathan Rutledge, 703-984-6801, nathan.rutledge@navient.com NAVICF

Riverview Bancorp, Inc. Announces Stock Repurchase Program VANCOUVER, Wash., Feb. 27, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Riverview Bancorp, Inc. (Nasdaq GSM: RVSB) ( Riverview or the Company ) headquartered in Vancouver, WA, the holding company parent of Riverview Community Bank, today announced that its Board of Directors has adopted a stock repurchase program. Under this repurchase program, the Company may repurchase up to 500,000 shares of the Company s outstanding shares, in the open market, based on prevailing market prices, or in privately negotiated transactions, over a period beginning on March 12, 2020 continuing until the earlier of the completion of the repurchase or the next six months, depending upon market conditions. The Board of Directors of the Company also authorized management to enter into a trading plan with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), to facilitate repurchases of its common stock pursuant to the above mentioned stock repurchase program (the Rule 10b5-1 plan ). The Rule 10b5-1 plan would allow the Company to execute trades during periods when it would ordinarily not be permitted to do so because it may be in possession of material non-public information, because of insider trading laws or self-imposed trading blackout periods. Under the Rule 10b5-1 plan, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. would have the authority, under the prices, terms and limitations set forth in the Rule 10b5-1 plan, including compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Act, to repurchase shares on the Company s behalf. About Riverview Riverview Bancorp, Inc. (www.riverviewbank.com) is headquartered in Vancouver, Washington just north of Portland, Oregon, on the I-5 corridor. With assets of $1.18 billion at December 31, 2019, it is the parent company of the 96-year-old Riverview Community Bank, as well as Riverview Trust Company. The Bank offers true community banking services, focusing on providing the highest quality service and financial products to commercial and retail clients through 18 branches, including 14 in the Portland-Vancouver area, and three lending centers. For the past six years, Riverview has been named Best Bank by the readers of The Vancouver Business Journal, and The Columbian. This press release contains statements that the Company believes are forward-looking statements. These statements relate to the Company s financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance or business. You should not place undue reliance on these statements, as they are subject to risks and uncertainties. When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind these risks and uncertainties, as well as any cautionary statements the Company may make. Moreover, you should treat these statements as speaking only as of the date they are made and based only on information then actually known to the Company. Contact: Kevin Lycklama or David Lam Riverview Bancorp, Inc. 360-693-6650

ContraFect Announces One-for-Ten Reverse Stock Split YONKERS, N.Y., Feb. 04, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ContraFect Corporation (Nasdaq:CFRX), a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of direct lytic agents (DLAs), including lysins and amurin peptides, as new medical modalities for the treatment of life-threatening, antibiotic-resistant infections, today announced a one-for-ten reverse stock split of its shares of common stock. Stockholders of ContraFect approved an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to effect the reverse stock split at a Special Meeting of Stockholders held on January 31, 2020. The reverse stock split is intended to give ContraFect greater flexibility in considering and planning for future potential business needs and to increase the per share trading price of the Company s common stock to satisfy the $1.00 minimum price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. At approximately 5:45 p.m., Eastern Time, on February 3, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect the reverse stock split with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The reverse stock split became effective immediately upon the filing of the Certificate of Amendment. At the opening of trading on February 4, 2020, ContraFect expects its common stock will begin trading on a split-adjusted basis on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CFRX and under a new CUSIP number 212326300. We can look across today s infectious disease landscape and bear witness to a number of growing public health crises. As a leader in anti-infective drug development, we hold firm to our mandate to bring entirely new treatment modalities to patients suffering and dying from infections which are resistant to standard antibiotics. Using these new modalities, we aim to bring truly meaningful medical advances that have not been observed in decades in this critical therapeutic area, said Roger J. Pomerantz, MD, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of ContraFect. Having now completed this reverse split, we look forward to being in full compliance with Nasdaq's continued listing requirements, to continue to advance these new treatments to the patients who are waiting and to deliver value to our shareholders. The reverse stock split affects all issued and outstanding shares of ContraFect s common stock. In the reverse stock split, every ten (10) shares of ContraFect s common stock outstanding will automatically be combined and reclassified into one (1) new share of common stock. The par value of the Company s common stock will remain unchanged at $0.0001 per share. The reverse stock split affects all stockholders uniformly and will not alter any stockholder s percentage interest in ContraFect s equity, except to the extent that the reverse stock split results in any stockholders owning only a fractional share. No fractional shares will be issued in connection with the reverse split. Holders of common stock that would otherwise receive a fractional share of common stock pursuant to the reverse stock split will receive cash in lieu of the fractional share. Additionally, all ContraFect equity awards and warrants outstanding immediately prior to the reverse stock split will be proportionately adjusted. American Stock Transfer & Trust Company is acting as the exchange agent and transfer agent for the reverse stock split. Stockholders holding their shares electronically in book-entry form are not required to take any action to receive post-split shares. AST will provide instructions to stockholders with physical certificates regarding the process for exchanging their pre-split stock certificates for book entry of the appropriate number of post-split shares and receiving payment for any fractional shares. Stockholders owning shares through a bank, broker or other nominee will have their positions adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split and will receive payment for any fractional shares in accordance with their respective bank s, broker s, or nominee s particular processes. Additional information regarding the reverse stock split can be found in ContraFect s definitive proxy statement (Form DEF 14A), filed with the SEC on January 6, 2020, and posted in the "Investors & Media" section of ContraFect s website at www.contrafect.com . About ContraFect: ContraFect is a biotechnology company focused on discovering and developing differentiated biologic therapies for life-threatening, drug-resistant infectious diseases, particularly those treated in hospital settings. An estimated 700,000 deaths worldwide each year are attributed to antimicrobial-resistant infections. We intend to address life threatening infections using our therapeutic product candidates from our platform of DLAs, which include lysins and amurin peptides. Lysins are a new class of DLAs which are recombinantly produced antimicrobial proteins with a novel mechanism of action associated with the rapid killing of target bacteria, eradication of biofilms and synergy with conventional antibiotics. Amurin peptides are a new class of DLAs, which exhibit broad-spectrum activity against a wide range of antibiotic-resistant Gram-negative pathogens, including Pseudomonas aeruginosa (P. aeruginosa), Acinetobacter baumannii, and Enterobacter species. We believe that the properties of our lysins and amurin peptides will make them suitable for targeting antibiotic-resistant organisms, such as methicillin-resistant Staph aureus (MRSA) and P. aeruginosa, which can cause serious infections such as bacteremia, pneumonia and osteomyelitis. We have completed a Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of Staph aureus bacteremia, including endocarditis, with our lead lysin candidate, exebacase, which is the first lysin to enter clinical studies in the U.S. Follow ContraFect on Twitter @ContraFectCorp and LinkedIn . Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains, and our officers and representatives may make from time to time, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as projects, may, will, could, would, should, believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, plans, potential, promise or similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements in this release include, without limitation, statements regarding ContraFect s ability to discover and develop DLAs as new medical modalities for the treatment of life-threatening, antibiotic-resistant infections, when the common stock will begin trading on a split-adjusted basis, statements made by the CEO, including but not limited to Nasdaq compliance, advancing treatments and shareholder value, ContraFect s ability to address life threatening infections using its DLA platform, whether lysins are a new class of DLAs which are recombinantly produced, antimicrobial proteins with a novel mechanism of action associated with the rapid killing of target bacteria, eradication of biofilms and synergy with conventional antibiotics, whether amurins exhibit broad-spectrum activity against a wide range of antibiotic-resistant Gram-negative pathogens and whether the properties of ContraFect s lysins and amurins will make them suitable for targeting antibiotic-resistant organisms, such as Staph aureus and P. aeruginosa. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts, nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on ContraFect s current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of its business, future plans, strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond ContraFect s control, including those detailed under the caption Risk Factors in ContraFect's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ include, among others, our ability to develop treatments for drug-resistant infectious diseases. Any forward-looking statement made by ContraFect in this press release is based only on information currently available and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Except as required by applicable law, ContraFect expressly disclaims any obligations to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Investor Relations Contacts: Michael Messinger ContraFect Corporation Tel: 914-207-2300 Email: mmessinger@contrafect.com Lauren Stival Stern Investor Relations Tel: 212-362-1200 Email: lauren.stival@sternir.com

Shutterfly, Inc. Agrees to be Acquired by Certain Funds Managed by Affiliates of Apollo Global Management in an All-Cash Transaction with an Enterprise Value of $2.7 Billion Shutterfly, Inc. stockholders to receive $51.00 per share in cash REDWOOD CITY, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Shutterfly, Inc. (Nasdaq: SFLY) ( Shutterfly or the Company ), a leading retailer and manufacturing platform dedicated to helping capture, preserve, and share life s important moments, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with affiliates of certain funds (the Apollo Funds ) managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, LLC (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, Apollo ) (NYSE: APO), a leading global alternative investment manager, pursuant to which the Apollo Funds will acquire all the outstanding shares of Shutterfly for $51.00 per share in cash, or enterprise value of approximately $2.7 billion. The $51.00 per share cash consideration represents a premium of 31% when compared to Shutterfly s unaffected closing stock price of $38.91 on April 23, 2019, the last trading day before a media report was published speculating that Apollo Funds were considering a bid for the Company. The Shutterfly Board of Directors unanimously approved the agreement with the Apollo Funds and recommends that Shutterfly stockholders vote in favor of the transaction. Earlier this year, Shutterfly announced the formation of a Strategic Review Committee to continue the Board of Directors ongoing review of strategic alternatives for the Company, said William Lansing, Shutterfly s Chairman of the Board. We ran a broad and comprehensive process, engaging with a significant number of potential buyers, and are pleased that the process culminated in a transaction that maximizes value for Shutterfly stockholders. We look forward to working closely with Apollo as we continue to build a compelling service that enables deeper, more personal relationships for our customers, and to advance our digital and manufacturing capabilities to support sustainable growth. Shutterfly has cultivated a deep connection with customers through its three divisions, Shutterfly Consumer, Shutterfly Business Solutions and Lifetouch, each of which we view as exceptional platforms with leading positions in their respective segments, said David Sambur, Senior Partner at Apollo. At a time when billions of photos are taken every day, Shutterfly has led the charge as a pioneer of personalized photo products and school photography, helping consumers capture, preserve and share life s most important moments. We are excited to work with Shutterfly s leadership and talented team of dedicated employees to grow each of the businesses and further enhance customer relationships across both Shutterfly and Lifetouch. Lansing continued, This transaction is a testament to our outstanding team of talented employees and the company they have built. What began as a digital photo printing company is now a large and diversified business that has successfully evolved with our customers. As we enter this exciting new chapter for Shutterfly, Apollo is an ideal strategic partner, as they will provide additional resources and industry knowledge while we continue to work on our important business initiatives. In a separate press release issued today, Shutterfly announced the appointment of Ryan O Hara as its President and Chief Executive Officer, effective June 24, 2019. Transaction Details The transaction is expected to close by early fourth quarter 2019. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by Shutterfly stockholders and receipt of clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976. Upon completion of the transaction, Shutterfly will become a privately held company, and its shares will no longer be listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Advisors and Financing Providers Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is acting as financial advisor to Shutterfly, and Fenwick & West LLP is acting as its legal counsel. Financing is being provided by Barclays, Citi and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. (or a lending affiliate), who are also serving as financial advisors to the Apollo Funds. LionTree, UBS Investment Bank and Evercore are also serving as financial advisors to the Apollo Funds. Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP is acting as legal counsel to the Apollo Funds. About Shutterfly Shutterfly, Inc. is a leading retailer and manufacturing platform for personalized products and communications. Founded in 1999, Shutterfly, Inc. has three divisions: Shutterfly Consumer, Lifetouch, and Shutterfly Business Solutions. Shutterfly Consumer and Lifetouch help consumers capture, preserve, and share life s important moments through professional and personal photography, and personalized products. The Shutterfly brand brings photos to life in photo books, gifts, home d cor, and cards and stationery. Lifetouch is the national leader in school photography, built on the enduring tradition of Picture Day , and also serves families through portrait studios and other partnerships. Shutterfly Business Solutions delivers digital printing services that enable efficient and effective customer engagement through personalized communications. For more information about Shutterfly, Inc. (Nasdaq: SFLY), visit www.shutterflyinc.com. About Apollo Apollo is a leading global alternative investment manager with offices in New York, Los Angeles, San Diego, Houston, Bethesda, London, Frankfurt, Madrid, Luxembourg, Mumbai, Delhi, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Tokyo. Apollo had assets under management of approximately $303 billion as of March 31, 2019 in private equity, credit and real assets funds invested across a core group of nine industries where Apollo has considerable knowledge and resources. For more information about Apollo, please visit www.apollo.com. Additional Information and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed transaction, Shutterfly will file relevant materials with the SEC, including a preliminary and definitive proxy statement. Promptly after filing the definitive proxy statement, Shutterfly will mail the definitive proxy statement and a proxy card to the stockholders of Shutterfly. SHUTTERFLY STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) CAREFULLY WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION BECAUSE IT WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND THE PARTIES TO THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Stockholders of Shutterfly will be able to obtain a free copy of these documents, when they become available, at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov or free of charge at www.shutterflyinc.com. Additionally, Shutterfly will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Shutterfly by the Apollo Funds pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among, the Apollo Funds and Shutterfly. Shutterfly and its directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Shutterfly stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction. Information concerning the interests of Shutterfly s participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of Shutterfly s stockholders generally, are available in Shutterfly s proxy statement for its 2019 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 8, 2019. To the extent holdings of securities by Shutterfly s directors or executive officers have changed since the amounts disclosed in its proxy statement, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding these persons and their interests in the proposed transaction will be set forth in the definitive proxy statement relating to the proposed transaction when it becomes available. These documents are available free of charge at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov or by going to Shutterfly s website at www.shutterflyinc.com. Forward-Looking Statements This media release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve risks and uncertainties. If such risks or uncertainties materialize, the results of Shutterfly could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You can identify these statements by the use of terminology such as believe , expect , will , should , could , estimate , anticipate or similar forward-looking terms. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including any statements regarding the expected timing of the completion of the transaction; the ability of the Apollo Funds and Shutterfly to complete the proposed transaction considering the various conditions to the transaction, some of which are outside the parties control, including those conditions related to regulatory approvals; the expected benefits and costs of the proposed transaction contemplated by this document; the expectation that Shutterfly will further enhance its customer relationships and digital and manufacturing capabilities; the belief that the agreement maximizes Shutterfly s value for its stockholders; any statements concerning the expected development, performance, market share or competitive performance relating to Shutterfly s products or services; any statements regarding Shutterfly s foundation of strong assets, the quality of its employees or its business strategy with respect to each of its three business segments; any statements regarding Apollo s future intention with Shutterfly; any statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include, but are not limited to, the failure to satisfy any of the conditions to the consummation of the proposed transaction, including the approval of the merger agreement by Shutterfly stockholders and the receipt of certain governmental and regulatory approvals; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; the effect of the announcement or pendency of the proposed transaction on Shutterfly s business relationships, operating results and business generally; risks that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations and the potential difficulties in employee retention as a result of the proposed transaction; risks related to diverting management s attention from Shutterfly s ongoing business operations; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Shutterfly related to the merger agreement or the proposed transaction; unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the proposed transaction; the effect of any negative changes in general economic conditions; and other risks that are described in the SEC reports of Shutterfly, including but not limited to the risks described in Shutterfly s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in other filings with the SEC. The Apollo Funds and Shutterfly assume no obligation and do not intend to update these forward-looking statements.

Allergan Announces Positive Phase 3 ACHIEVE II Trial Results for Ubrogepant Published in The Journal of the American Medical Association Pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial reinforced efficacy, safety and tolerability of ubrogepant, an orally administered CGRP receptor antagonist (gepant) Acute treatment of migraine with ubrogepant compared with placebo led to significantly greater rates of pain freedom at two hours with both the 50 mg and 25 mg doses, and freedom from the most bothersome migraine associated symptom at two hours with the 50 mg dose FDA action on New Drug Application (NDA) expected in December 2019 for ubrogepant, potentially making it the first oral CGRP to address unmet patient needs in acute treatment of migraine and the first FDA approved gepant DUBLIN, Nov. 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN) today announced that positive results from ACHIEVE II (UBR-MD-02), a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of ubrogepant, have been published in the November 19th issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA). These data reinforced that acute treatment of migraine with ubrogepant compared with placebo led to significantly greater rates of pain freedom at two hours with both the 50 mg and 25 mg doses, and freedom from the most bothersome migraine-associated symptom at two hours with the 50 mg dose. If approved, ubrogepant would potentially be the first FDA-approved small molecule, oral calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist (gepant) for the acute treatment of migraine. "Migraine is the second leading cause of disability, and we need new acute treatments that are efficacious, safe, and tolerable," said Richard B. Lipton, M.D., Lead Author, Professor and Vice Chair of Neurology at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and Montefiore Health System, Director of the Montefiore Headache Center. "Having ubrogepant as a potential new medication for the acute treatment of migraine will provide much-needed innovation for a disease that causes lost time for millions of people." Dr. Lipton is also a paid consultant for Allergan, the trial sponsor. The ACHIEVE II trial evaluated ubrogepant 50 mg and 25 mg, compared with placebo, across a wide range of clinical endpoints, including the co-primary endpoints of pain freedom (no pain) and freedom from the most bothersome migraine-associated symptom at two hours post-initial dose. For the two co-primary endpoints, ubrogepant 50 mg and 25 mg showed statistically significant higher response rates for pain freedom at two hours (21.8% for 50 mg, 20.7% for 25 mg and 14.3% for placebo), and the 50 mg dose demonstrated statistically significant higher response rates for the freedom from the most bothersome migraine-associated symptom at two hours (38.9% for 50 mg and 27.4% for placebo). Additionally, ubrogepant 50 mg was statistically superior to placebo in the absence of light sensitivity (43.8% for 50 mg and 35.5% for placebo) and sound sensitivity (54.1% for 50 mg and 46.3% for placebo). Ubrogepant studies show that both the 50 mg and 25 mg doses were well tolerated with an adverse event profile similar to placebo. The most common adverse reaction during the single attack studies (occurring with an incidence greater than 2 percent and at least twice the rate of placebo) was nausea (incidence 2-4%). In a year-long extension study, the most common treatment-related adverse event was also nausea, with an incidence <2 percent. "I have been living with migraine attacks for most of my life, but unfortunately, I can't tolerate existing prescription treatments when I start having pain," said Anna Williams, migraine patient. "We really need new treatments, which is why I am so excited to see new research published in a prestigious medical journal about a medication that may provide what patients need." Triptans are the most popular acute treatment for migraine representing 70 percent of prescriptions. However, for people living with migraine disease, approximately 20 percent of individuals have multiple cardiovascular (CV) risk factors, and because triptans restrict blood vessels, they may not be appropriate for these migraine patients. And for those who take triptans, as many as 30 percent may not sufficiently respond or may experience side effects. In the ACHIEVE II trial, approximately 11 percent of participants had moderate to severe CV risk factors, and 23 percent of participants previously had an insufficient response to triptans. "If approved, ubrogepant will provide a new and different acute treatment option for patients suffering the debilitating pain and other symptoms of migraine. Allergan has a long history of developing migraine medications and remains committed to continued innovation of new treatments," said Mitchell Mathis, M.D., VP, Chief Medical Officer, Central Nervous System at Allergan. "Ubrogepant is a completely new approach to the acute treatment of migraine. This would expand Allergan's migraine portfolio that includes BOTOX , the first FDA-approved, preventive treatment for adults with chronic migraine. We are also continuing to advance the Phase 3 clinical program for atogepant, our second orally-administered gepant specifically for migraine prevention. We believe in having multiple treatment options available because we know not every patient will respond to every medication. We believe that patients should have open access to all new treatments for migraine." The JAMA full article is available at http://bit.ly/32Wyo3s About ACHIEVE II (UBR-MD-02) Trial The ACHIEVE II trial is a Phase 3, multicenter, double-blind, parallel-group study evaluating the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of ubrogepant (50 mg and 25 mg) compared to placebo for the acute treatment of a single migraine attack of moderate or severe headache pain intensity at home. In this pivotal trial, 1,355 adult patients (18-75 years of age) with a history of migraine (with or without aura) were randomized (1:1:1) to placebo, ubrogepant 25 mg, or ubrogepant 50 mg. The co-primary efficacy parameters were pain freedom (no pain) at two hours after the initial dose and absence of the most bothersome migraine-associated symptom at two hours after the initial dose. The most bothersome migraine-associated symptom could include photophobia, phonophobia, or nausea and was selected by the participant at the time of a qualifying migraine attack. Secondary efficacy endpoints also evaluated the clinical benefits of ubrogepant across a wide range of outcome measures, including pain relief at 2 hours, sustained pain relief from 2-24 hours, and sustained pain freedom from 2-24 hours, among others. Adverse events were collected and evaluated 48 hours after the initial and optional second dose of trial treatment, as well as within 30 days after administration of any dose. About UbrogepantUbrogepant is a novel, highly potent, orally-administered CGRP receptor antagonist (gepant), in development for the acute treatment of migraine. CGRP and its receptors are expressed in regions of the nervous system associated with migraine pathophysiology. CGRP receptor antagonism is a completely new mechanism of action for the acute treatment of migraine compared to medications currently available, which include triptans (serotonin 1B/1D agonists), opioids and ergots. About Migraine Migraine is a chronic disease with episodic attacks defined by neurological symptoms such as headache pain, sensitivity to light and sound, and nausea; these symptoms are often debilitating. Migraine is highly prevalent, affecting approximately 31 million Americans, and is associated with significant disability leading to high personal, family, occupational, societal, and economic burden. Based on the current standard of care, there are still unmet needs for new acute treatments for migraine. Allergan, a leader in the migraine space, markets BOTOX (onabotulinumtoxinA), the first FDA-approved, preventive treatment for adult Chronic Migraine (approved 2010). Allergan is also advancing its migraine program with two investigational small molecule oral calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonists (gepants), one of which is being developed for the acute treatment of migraine and one for the prevention of migraine. In addition to ubrogepant, which is expected to be the first FDA-approved gepant with a completely new approach for acute treatment of migraine, atogepant is currently in Phase 3 development for the prevention of migraine. About Allergan MIND As part of Allergan's ongoing commitment to innovating and inspiring change in the migraine community, the company has established a migraine franchise, Allergan MIND (Migraine: Innovation, Navigation, Discovery), to drive progress and unify its efforts as a worldwide leader in migraine. Allergan MIND represents the company's vision and mission to continue advancing science and improving the lives of people living with migraine with treatments, education and support in the pursuit of migraine freedom. This new migraine franchise serves as a center of excellence and catalyst for advancing the dialogue and treatment landscape in migraine, bringing together diverse stakeholders to rally around the latest insights and developments that will impact the future of migraine. About Allergan plc Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is a global pharmaceutical leader focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceutical, device, biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products for patients around the world. Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products primarily focused on four key therapeutic areas including medical aesthetics, eye care, central nervous system and gastroenterology. As part of its approach to delivering innovation for better patient care, Allergan has built one of the broadest pharmaceutical and device research and development pipelines in the industry. With colleagues and commercial operations located in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives every day. For more information, visit Allergan's website at www.Allergan.com. Forward-Looking StatementStatements contained in this press release that refer to future events or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Allergan's current perspective on existing trends and information as of the date of this release. Actual results may differ materially from Allergan's current expectations depending upon a number of factors affecting Allergan's business. These factors include, among others, the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of FDA approvals or actions, if any; the impact of competitive products and pricing; market acceptance of and continued demand for Allergan's products; the impact of uncertainty around timing of generic entry related to key products, including RESTASIS , on our financial results; risks associated with divestitures, acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures; risks related to impairments; uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected cost reductions, projected debt reduction, projected synergies, restructurings, increased costs, and adverse tax consequences; difficulties or delays in manufacturing; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Allergan's periodic public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to Allergan's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and Allergan's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019. Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. CONTACTS: Allergan: Investors: Manisha Narasimhan, PhD (862) 261-7162 Media: Lisa Brown (862) 261-7320 Julie Ciardiello (732) 429-4909 SOURCE Allergan plc Related Links www.allergan.com

Adevinta to Acquire eBay Classifieds Group to Create the World's Largest Online Classifieds Company Combined group will have solid market positions across 20 markets, covering 1 billion people with 3 billion monthly visits $9.2 billion cash and stock deal to make eBay the largest shareholder of Adevinta eBay will receive $2.5 billion of cash and 540 million shares of Adevinta, representing 44% ownership of the pro forma company and a ~33.3% voting stake $150 185 million of annual synergies targeted within three years The transaction is expected to close by Q1 of 2021 SAN JOSE, Calif., July 21, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- eBay Inc. (NASDAQ: EBAY) and Adevinta ASA (OSLO: ADE) today announced they entered into a definitive agreement for eBay to transfer its Classifieds business to Adevinta for a total consideration valued at approximately $9.2 billion, based on the closing trading price of Adevinta shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange on July 17, 2020. As part of the transaction, eBay will receive $2.5 billion in cash and approximately 540 million Adevinta shares which would represent an equity stake of approximately 44% based on the number of Adevinta's outstanding shares, as of the end of the second quarter, and a ~33.3% voting stake. "We are pleased we reached an agreement with Adevinta that brings together two great companies," said Jamie Iannone, Chief Executive Officer, eBay Inc. "eBay believes strongly in the power of community and connections between people, which has been essential to our Classifieds businesses globally. This sale creates short-term and long-term value for shareholders and customers, while allowing us to participate in the future potential of the Classifieds business." Adevinta is a global online classifieds specialist, currently operating in 15 countries, with a portfolio that spans 35 digital products and websites. eBay's Classifieds platforms include a collection of 12 brands in 13 countries around the world. Together these complementary businesses will have solid market positions in 20 countries globally, and eBay will become the largest Adevinta shareholder. Adevinta and eBay will continue to partner in key areas post-closing to ensure a seamless transition. Additionally, the scale provided by this partnership is expected to create estimated annual synergies of $150 - 185 million within the next three years. "With the acquisition of eBay Classifieds Group, Adevinta becomes the largest online classifieds company globally, with a unique portfolio of leading marketplace brands. We believe the combination of the two companies, with their complementary businesses, creates one of the most exciting and compelling equity stories in the online classifieds sector," said Rolv Erik Ryssdal, CEO of Adevinta. "We have been impressed with eBay Classifieds Group's achievements in recent years, leading across markets with nationally recognized brands including Mobile.de, Gumtree, Marktplaats, dba, Bilbasen, Kijiji, 2dehands, 2ememain, Vivanuncios, Automobile.it, Motors.co.uk, Autotrader (Australia), Carsguide (Australia), and eBay Kleinanzeigen, and innovating consistently across its product portfolio and advertising technology platform." The management teams of Adevinta and eBay Classifieds Group have a shared set of strategic principles developed through a common history of acquiring and scaling generalist online classifieds platforms and successfully verticalizing them to create value. The breadth of talent across the companies and the collective experience across the combined portfolio will serve to optimize strategies for the various assets at different stages of development, accelerating monetization and creating value to consumers and advertisers. "This deal is a testament to the growth and potential of the eBay Classifieds business," said Alessandro Coppo, SVP and GM, eBay Classifieds Group. "We are excited for our local classifieds brands to join Adevinta and shape a global leader in an industry full of potential." The sale is subject to regulatory approvals, customary closing conditions, including approval by the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the share capital of Adevinta ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy at an extraordinary general meeting of the stockholders of Adevinta, and consultation with competent works councils, other employee representation bodies or employees where and to the extent required by applicable law. The transaction is expected to close by the first quarter of 2021. Adevinta is majority owned by Schibsted ASA, which has agreed to vote in favor of the transaction. "Schibsted's Board of Directors and management strongly supports the agreement between Adevinta and eBay, as we are confident that it will further strengthen the value creation potential for Schibsted and the rest of Adevinta's shareholders. Schibsted intends to continue to contribute to the value creation for all Adevinta shareholders as a significant long-term anchor shareholder," said Kristin Skogen Lund, CEO of Schibsted. Related to the transaction, Schibsted has entered into an agreement with Adevinta to acquire eBay Classifieds' Danish entity and therefore leading marketplaces in Denmark, DBA.dk and Bilbasen.dk, once the transaction between eBay and Adevinta closes. Blommenholm Industrier AS, which holds approximately 6.3% of Adevinta's ordinary shares, has also agreed to vote in favor of the transaction. Following the closing of the transaction, each of eBay and Schibsted will be entitled to designate two directors to the Adevinta board of directors so long as it holds at least 25% of the Adevinta ordinary shares, and one director so long as it holds at least 10% of the Adevinta ordinary shares. eBay's equity stake at closing will consist of approximately 33% of Adevinta's ordinary shares, with the remainder of its stake consisting of non-voting shares. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and LionTree Advisors LLC are acting as financial advisors to eBay. Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, Thommessen AS, De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V. and Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, LLP are acting as legal advisors to eBay. About eBay: eBay Inc. (Nasdaq: EBAY) is a global commerce leader including the Marketplace and Classifieds platforms. eBay connects millions of buyers and sellers around the world, empowering people and creating opportunity for all. Founded in 1995 in San Jose, California, eBay is one of the world's largest and most vibrant marketplaces for discovering great value and unique selection. For more information about the company and its global portfolio of online brands, visit www.ebayinc.com. About Adevinta: Adevinta is a global online classifieds specialist, operating digital marketplaces in 15 countries. The company provides technology-based services to connect buyers with sellers and to facilitate transactions, from job offers to real estate, cars, consumer goods and more. Adevinta's portfolio spans 35 digital products and websites, attracting 1.5 billion average monthly visits. Leading brands include top-ranked leboncoin in France, InfoJobs and Milanuncios in Spain, and 50% of fast-growing OLX Brazil. Adevinta spun off from Schibsted ASA and publicly listed in Oslo, Norway in 2019. Adevinta employs 4,700 people committed to supporting users and customers daily. Find out more at Adevinta.com. About Schibsted: Every day, Schibsted helps millions of people buy, sell, hire and get hired. The company's mission is to create perfect matches through our trusted marketplaces and innovative solutions. With Blocket in Sweden, Finn in Norway and Tori and Oikotie in Finland, Schibsted meets consumer needs with leading marketplaces. Schibsted wants to help people make better deals, while partnering with companies to help them make the most of their businesses. Schibsted has the mind of a start-up and the heart of an established company that has stood on its own feet since 1839. The company owns a family of international consumer brands with over 5,000 employees. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements herein are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements are often identified by words such as "anticipate," "approximate," "believe," "commit," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "hope," "intend," "may," "outlook," "plan," "project," "potential," "should," "would," "will" and other similar words or expressions. Such forward-looking statements reflect eBay's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and actual events may differ materially from historical results or current expectations. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are not a guarantee of future performance and are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks, assumptions and other factors, many of which are outside the control of eBay. The forward-looking statements in this document address a variety of subjects including, for example, the closing of the Transaction and the potential benefits of the Transaction. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements: the possibility that regulatory and other approvals and conditions to the Transaction are not received or satisfied on a timely basis or at all; the possibility that eBay may not fully realize the projected benefits of the Transaction; changes in the anticipated timing for closing the Transaction; business disruption during the pendency of or following the Transaction; diversion of management time on Transaction-related issues; the reaction of customers and other persons to the Transaction; and other events that could adversely impact the completion of the Transaction, including COVID-19 and industry or economic conditions outside of our control. In addition, actual results are subject to other risks and uncertainties that relate more broadly to eBay's overall business, including those more fully described in eBay's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements in this document speak only as of this date. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement, except as required by law. These matters are subject to consultation with competent works councils, other employee representation bodies or employees where and to the extent required by applicable local law. SOURCE eBay Inc. Related Links http://www.ebayinc.com

Securitas Agrees to Acquire Kratos Public Safety and Security Division STOCKHOLM, Feb. 28, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Securitas has agreed to acquire the division Kratos Public Safety and Security from Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ: KTOS). The purchase price is approximately MSEK 550 (MUSD 69) on a cash and debt-free basis. The acquisition is expected to be neutral to Securitas earnings per share in 2018 and 2019, and accretive as of 2020. Kratos Public Safety and Security (KPSS) is ranked as a top 10 system integrator in the United States. The operation has annual sales of approximately MSEK 1 100 (MUSD 135) and includes 400 employees. The primary focus is electronic security projects for commercial customers with special expertise in transportation, petrochemical, healthcare, and education vertical markets. The business provides design, engineering, installation and service of advanced integrated security technology and systems. KPSS has a wide breadth of capabilities including access, video, intrusion, and fire solutions supported by on-going maintenance, inspections, and monitoring services. KPSS, which is to be combined with Securitas Electronic Security, Inc., aligns well with Securitas Electronic Security's current operations and strategic focus. The acquisition will expand Securitas' electronic security platform in the United States by strengthening field operation capabilities and adding local branch infrastructure with highly skilled employees. It supports Securitas' strategy of providing protective services across the entire Securitas North American customer base, and brings increased value to our customers. "This acquisition supports Securitas global strategy and strengthens our position as the global knowledge leader in protective services," says Alf G ransson, President and CEO Securitas AB. "The market dynamics in the United States are strong and Securitas is growing faster than the US security market. The marketplace is rewarding Securitas focus on offering a complete range of protective services that includes on-site, mobile and remote guarding, electronic security, fire and safety, and corporate risk management. This acquisition will further strengthen our position as the leader in protective services in the United States," says Santiago Galaz, Divisional President Securitas Security Services North America. Closing of the acquisition is subject to regulatory approval, and is expected during second quarter of 2018, from which point it will be consolidated in Securitas. This press release is also available at: www.securitas.com. SPECIAL NOTE: Please refer to Kratos Defense & Security Solutions press release also issued today, for related information. Securitas is a global knowledge leader in security. We base our protective services on customer-specific needs through different combinations of on-site, mobile and remote guarding, electronic security, fire and safety and corporate risk management. Everywhere from small stores to airports, our 335 000 employees are making a difference. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttp://news.cision.com/securitas/r/securitas-agrees-to-acquire-kratos-public-safety-and-security-division,c2462461 The following files are available for download: http://mb.cision.com/Main/1062/2462461/799193.pdf Securitas_en CONTACT: Securitas AB (publ.), P.O. Box 12307, S-102 28 Stockholm, Sweden, Corp. ID no: 556302 7241 Visiting address: Lindhagensplan 70, Telephone: +46(0)10-470-30-00, Facsimile: +46-(0)10-470-31-22, www.securitas.com.Gisela Lindstrand, Senior Vice President Corporate Communications and Public Affairs, Securitas AB, mobile +46 70 287 8662, or email [email protected], Micaela Sj kvist, Head of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications and Public Affairs, Securitas AB, mobile +46 76 116 7443 or email [email protected]. SOURCE Securitas Related Links http://www.securitas.com

SIGA Announces BARDA Exercise of Contract Options Valued at $101.3 Million for the Procurement of Oral TPOXX Deliveries to Maintain National Security Expected to Start in Second Quarter 2020 NEW YORK, April 29, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- SIGA Technologies, Inc. (SIGA) (NASDAQ: SIGA), a commercial-stage pharmaceutical company focused on the health security market, today announced the exercise of options under its 2018 Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) contract ( 19C BARDA Contract ) worth a total of approximately $101.3 million for the procurement of oral TPOXX for the treatment of smallpox (tecovirimat). Deliveries of oral TPOXX to maintain national preparedness under these option exercises are expected to start in the second quarter of 2020 and be completed by April 2021. With the above-mentioned exercise of options, all procurement options under CLIN 9 (contract line item number 9) of the 19C BARDA Contract have been exercised. SIGA s full 19C BARDA Contract has up to $414 million of procurement-related options remaining for future exercise. The intent of the Request for Proposal for this BARDA Contract was to maintain the existing stockpile of TPOXX and the exercise of these options is an important step toward ensuring that the U.S. Government can effectively meet this critical goal, said Dr. Phil Gomez, CEO of SIGA Technologies. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has dramatically underscored the importance of national preparedness. The exercise emphasizes the critical value of our smallpox anti-viral treatment in that effort, and underscores SIGA s commitment to working with BARDA and the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) to protect against the threat of a potential smallpox outbreak or bioterror attack. ABOUT SIGA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and TPOXX SIGA Technologies, Inc. is a commercial-stage pharmaceutical company focused on the health security market. Health security comprises countermeasures for biological, chemical, radiological and nuclear attacks (biodefense market), vaccines and therapies for emerging infectious diseases, and health preparedness. Our lead product is TPOXX , also known as tecovirimat and ST-246 , an orally administered and IV formulation antiviral drug for the treatment of human smallpox disease caused by variola virus. TPOXX is a novel small-molecule drug and the US maintains a stockpile of TPOXX in the Strategic National Stockpile under Project BioShield. The oral formulation of TPOXX was approved by the FDA for the treatment of smallpox in 2018. The full label is here https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2018/208627s000lbl.pdf . In September 2018, SIGA signed a contract of more than $600 million with the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), part of the office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, for additional procurement and development related to both oral and intravenous formulations of TPOXX. For more information about SIGA, please visit www.siga.com. About Smallpox1 Smallpox is a contagious, disfiguring and often deadly disease that has affected humans for thousands of years. Naturally-occurring smallpox was eradicated worldwide by 1980, the result of an unprecedented global immunization campaign. Samples of smallpox virus have been kept for research purposes. This has led to concerns that smallpox could someday be used as a biological warfare agent. A vaccine can prevent smallpox, but the risk of the current vaccine's side effects is too high to justify routine vaccination for people at low risk of exposure to the smallpox virus. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and SIGA cautions you that any forward-looking information provided by or on behalf of SIGA is not a guarantee of future performance. More detailed information about SIGA and risk factors that may affect the realization of forward-looking statements, including the forward-looking statements in this press release, is set forth in SIGA's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including SIGA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and in other documents that SIGA has filed with the SEC. SIGA urges investors and security holders to read those documents free of charge at the SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov. Interested parties may also obtain those documents free of charge from SIGA. Forward-looking statements are current only as of the date on which such statements were made, and except for our ongoing obligations under the United States of America federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. The information contained in this press release does not necessarily reflect the position or the policy of the Government and no official endorsement should be inferred. Contacts: Investors David Carey 212-867-1768 david.carey@finnpartners.com Media Stephanie Seiler 206-713-0124 stephanie.seiler@finnpartners.com

KBR Wins Contract to Develop World's Largest Fully Integrated Crude Oil to Chemicals Project in Saudi Arabia HOUSTON, April 30, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- KBR, Inc. (NYSE: KBR) announced today that it has been awarded a contract by Saudi Arabian Oil Company (Saudi Aramco) and SABIC as the second Project Management Contractor (PMC) to provide Pre-Front End Engineering Design (Pre-FEED), Front End Engineering Design (FEED) and Program Management Services to develop the world's largest fully integrated Crude Oil to Chemicals (COTC) complex. The project, which will be located in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, will be executed from KBR's Houston, Al-Khobar and Chennai offices and is expected to continue through to the start-up of the facility in 2025. The COTC complex will be based on advanced refining technologies, innovative process configurations and proven conversion technologies that will create a fully integrated petrochemical complex which maximizes chemicals, further diversifying the petrochemical feedstock mix in the Kingdom. "We understand the strategic importance of the long term investment that Saudi Aramco and SABIC are undertaking in this project and the pivotal role that KBR will have in the overall success of this important program," said Stuart Bradie, KBR President and CEO. "We are excited to have the opportunity to continue our proud legacy in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to deliver such 'giga-projects'." "Given the rapidly changing economic environment we are faced with today, it has never been more important to create meaningful jobs for the growing Saudi population," said Jay Ibrahim, President of KBR Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific. "Through this contract, we will continue our commitment to meeting the objectives of both the In Kingdom local content and Vision 2030 programs." This award reinforces KBR's position as a market leader in the hydrocarbons industry with a long track record of delivering across all phases of refining and petrochemical mega-projects. About KBR, Inc. KBR is a global provider of differentiated professional services and technologies across the asset and program life cycle within the Government Services and Hydrocarbons sectors. KBR employs approximately 34,000 people worldwide (including our joint ventures), with customers in more than 75 countries, and operations in 40 countries, across three synergistic global businesses: Government Services, serving government customers globally, including capabilities that cover the full life-cycle of defense, space, aviation and other government programs and missions from research and development, through systems engineering, test and evaluation, program management, to operations, maintenance, and field logistics Technology, including proprietary technology focused on the monetization of hydrocarbons (especially natural gas and natural gas liquids) in ethylene and petrochemicals; ammonia, nitric acid and fertilizers; oil refining and gasification Hydrocarbons Services, including onshore oil and gas; LNG (liquefaction and regasification)/GTL; oil refining; petrochemicals; chemicals; fertilizers; differentiated EPC; maintenance services (Brown & Root Industrial Services); offshore oil and gas (shallow-water, deep-water, subsea); floating solutions (FPU, FPSO, FLNG & FSRU); program management and consulting services KBR is proud to work with its customers across the globe to provide technology, value-added services, integrated EPC delivery and long term operations and maintenance services to ensure consistent delivery with predictable results. At KBR, We Deliver. Visit www.kbr.com Forward Looking StatementThe statements in this press release that are not historical statements, including statements regarding future financial performance, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company's control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the outcome of and the publicity surrounding audits and investigations by domestic and foreign government agencies and legislative bodies; potential adverse proceedings by such agencies and potential adverse results and consequences from such proceedings; the scope and enforceability of the company's indemnities from its former parent; changes in capital spending by the company's customers; the company's ability to obtain contracts from existing and new customers and perform under those contracts; structural changes in the industries in which the company operates; escalating costs associated with and the performance of fixed-fee projects and the company's ability to control its cost under its contracts; claims negotiations and contract disputes with the company's customers; changes in the demand for or price of oil and/or natural gas; protection of intellectual property rights; compliance with environmental laws; changes in government regulations and regulatory requirements; compliance with laws related to income taxes; unsettled political conditions, war and the effects of terrorism; foreign operations and foreign exchange rates and controls; the development and installation of financial systems; increased competition for employees; the ability to successfully complete and integrate acquisitions; and operations of joint ventures, including joint ventures that are not controlled by the company. KBR's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K, any subsequent Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks, and other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings discuss some of the important risk factors that KBR has identified that may affect the business, results of operations and financial condition. Except as required by law, KBR undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. SOURCE KBR, Inc. Related Links http://www.kbr.com

Canon U.S.A. is Again Awarded a Contract with the Texas Department of Information Resources (DIR) MELVILLE, N.Y., Jan. 16, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- As a result of its high-quality products and advanced security features, Canon U.S.A., a leader in digital imaging solutions, is proud to announce the company has been awarded a new contract with the State of Texas Department of Information Resources (DIR). This contract, # DIR-CPO-4437, covers Canon's full line of imageRUNNER ADVANCE, imageCLASS, imageFORMULA, imagePRESS and varioPRINT solutions and services. The Texas DIR contract provides state and local government entities, as well as educational institutions in Texas and outside of Texas, with fast, cost-effective means to procure solutions from leading vendors. This contract leverages the buying power of the State of Texas and delivers access to hundreds of products and services at volume pricing. Although the DIR-CPO-4437 is held through Canon U.S.A., the company's network of authorized dealers provide the sales and services. With the increased threat of cyberattacks that target sensitive information, securing data is more important than ever before. The Texas DIR contract was awarded to Canon due, in part, to the comprehensive security capabilities and features of Canon's devices and software solutions. This technology can equip Texas state government, education and local government entities with the tools needed to help secure information, protect against threats, comply with security policies and integrate with network activity monitoring designed to help the customer quickly identify and address suspicious activity. "Receiving a contract from the Texas Department of Information Resources is a great accomplishment for Canon as it highlights the company's successful robust product portfolio and pricing," said Shinichi Yoshida, executive vice president and general manager, Canon U.S.A., Inc. "Covering an array of the company's high-quality, efficient solutions, from enterprise-level to software services and solutions, this contract showcases our dedication to innovation across a diverse amount of solutions and advanced security features." About Texas DIR The Texas Department of Information Resources (DIR) is to provide technology leadership, solutions, and value to Texas state government, education, and local government entities to enable and facilitate the fulfillment of their core missions. About Canon U.S.A., Inc. Canon U.S.A., Inc., is a leading provider of consumer, business-to-business, and industrial digital imaging solutions to the United States and to Latin America and the Caribbean markets. With approximately $36 billion in global revenue, its parent company, Canon Inc. (NYSE:CAJ), ranks third overall in U.S. patents granted in 2019 and is one of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies in 2019. Canon U.S.A. is dedicated to its Kyosei philosophy of social and environmental responsibility. To keep apprised of the latest news from Canon U.S.A., sign up for the Company's RSS news feed by visiting www.usa.canon.com/rss and follow us on Twitter @CanonUSA. Based on weekly patent counts issued by United States Patent and Trademark Office. SOURCE Canon U.S.A., Inc. Related Links http://www.usa.canon.com

Tesla Announces Updates to 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Battery Day Event PALO ALTO, Calif., Aug. 21, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Tesla, Inc. today announced updates to the time, format and location of its 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2020 Annual Meeting ). Tesla also announced information regarding its separate Battery Day event. Although Tesla believes that the best stockholder experience is a fully in-person annual meeting open to all stockholders, continuing public health and travel-related requirements and advisories have necessitated a unique format for the 2020 Annual Meeting. The following updates supersede anything to the contrary described in Tesla s updated definitive proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 13, 2020. Date and Time of Events The 2020 Annual Meeting will be held on Tuesday, September 22, 2020, at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time. Tesla s separate Battery Day event will follow immediately after the conclusion of the 2020 Annual Meeting. Virtual Meeting and Live Video Webcasts Live video webcasts of the 2020 Annual Meeting and Tesla s Battery Day event will be accessible to the general public at www.tesla.com/2020shareholdermeeting . To accommodate ongoing public health requirements and travel considerations, Tesla is also providing any stockholder as of July 31, 2020 the means to join the 2020 Annual Meeting virtually at www.meetingcenter.io/234436330 . The virtual meeting will feature the same live video webcasts accessible to the general public, plus the option to submit votes and written comments on meeting agenda items. In order to join the virtual meeting, you will need the password, which is tsla2020, and a 15-digit secure control number unique to you, which you may obtain as follows: If you are a stockholder of record with shares registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company (a minority of Tesla stockholders), you can find the control number on the Notice of Internet Availability or paper proxy card that was sent to you ( please check that it is for the meeting as scheduled for September 22, 2020, NOT as previously scheduled for July 7, 2020) . If you are a beneficial owner and hold shares through a broker, bank or other organization (the vast majority of Tesla stockholders), you will have to register in advance to obtain a control number. Please ask your broker, bank or organization for a legal proxy for the 2020 Annual Meeting and submit a copy of it from your e-mail address with Legal Proxy in the subject line to legalproxy@computershare.com . If your request is received no later than 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time on September 17, 2020, you will receive a confirmation e-mail with your control number. Limited In-Person Events In addition, Tesla expects to accommodate a very limited number of stockholders in-person at the 2020 Annual Meeting and the Battery Day event due to mandated restrictions on the size of in-person gatherings. Both events will be held at: Tesla, Inc. 901 Page Ave. Fremont, CA 94538 We are excited to be able to host attendees in strict accordance with a format that provides robust health control measures. We will also employ additional safety measures and screening protocols to protect our attendees and personnel. To maximize fairness, Tesla will conduct a random drawing to determine stockholders eligibility to attend both events in person. If you were a stockholder on July 31, 2020, you may apply for this drawing at www.tesla.com/2020shareholdermeeting . The drawing will be held strictly in accordance with the rules and terms described at such website, and we will be unable to make any exceptions. Please note that due to mandated restrictions on the size of in-person gatherings, the total number of people that Tesla may have onsite at the events is very limited. Tesla will not be able to admit anyone to the events except stockholders who have been selected through the drawing and certain Tesla personnel and their guests. However, Tesla will continue to monitor public health and travel safety protocols required or recommended by federal, state and local governments. Tesla may be required to or choose to further change the date, time, location and/or format of the 2020 Annual Meeting, in which case Tesla will publicly announce any further changes in advance. Other Information All stockholders are encouraged to vote and submit their proxies in advance of the 2020 Annual Meeting by one of the methods described in the proxy materials. Proxy cards, voting instruction forms and Notices of Internet Availability for the 2020 Annual Meeting scheduled for September 22, 2020 that were previously distributed will not be updated to reflect the change in meeting time, location or format, and may continue to be used to vote shares in connection with the 2020 Annual Meeting.

CRH Medical Corporation Announces 2020 First Quarter Results VANCOUVER, May 12, 2020 /PRNewswire/ - CRH Medical Corporation (TSX: CRH) (NYSE MKT: CRHM) ("CRH" or the "Company"), today announced financial and operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2020. Notably, the COVID-19 pandemic caused a sharp falloff in treatment volumes beginning in mid-March, and impacted the quarterly results. First quarter 2020 highlights: Total revenue of $25.5 million, down 12.6% from first quarter 2019 Anesthesia services revenue of $23.2 million, down 13.3% from first quarter 2019 Anesthesia revenue per case of $297, an increase of 1.3% from fourth quarter 2019 Anesthesia patient cases of 77,993 increased 0.6% from first quarter 2019 Adjusted operating EBITDA of $7.5 million, a 29.7% adjusted operating EBITDA margin Adjusted operating shareholder EBITDA of $4.9 million, down 44.4% from first quarter 2019 Generated $7.8 million in cash from operating activities Tushar Ramani, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CRH, commented: "Our performance in the first quarter was tracking well, but was then abruptly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in March, exerting meaningful pressure on our financial and operational metrics for the quarter. We have since witnessed significantly reduced demand for gastroenterology procedures as various state and federal organizations began implementing restrictive distancing guidelines in response to the pandemic. Many of our ambulatory surgery center customers have had to temporarily close centers through this phase of the pandemic. Fortunately, our model allowed us to act decisively to strengthen our financial flexibility and liquidity by reducing costs, curtailing share buyback activity, implementing reductions to executive pay, and deferring anesthesia acquisitions. Although this is an unprecedented and challenging moment in time, we are confident that the measures we have taken will prepare us to resume our growth trajectory once the impact of the crisis subsides." Conference Call CRH will host a conference call to discuss its results on Wednesday, May 13, 2020, at 8:30 am ET (05:30 am PT). To participate in the conference, please dial 1-888-664-6392, or 1-416-764-8659 and reference confirmation #33532442. An audio replay will be available shortly after the call by dialing 1-888-390-0541 or 1-416-764-8677 and entering access code 532442#. The replay will be available for two weeks after the call. About CRH Medical Corporation CRH Medical Corporation is a North American company focused on providing gastroenterologists throughout the United States with innovative services and products for the treatment of gastrointestinal diseases. In 2014, CRH became a full-service gastroenterology anesthesia company that provides anesthesia services for patients undergoing endoscopic procedures in ambulatory surgical centers. To date, CRH has completed 26 anesthesia acquisitions and serves 58 ambulatory surgical centers in eleven states. In addition, CRH owns the CRH O'Regan System, a single-use, disposable, hemorrhoid banding technology that is safe and highly effective in treating all grades of hemorrhoids. CRH distributes the O'Regan System, treatment protocols, operational and marketing expertise as a complete, turnkey package directly to gastroenterology practices, creating meaningful relationships with the gastroenterologists it serves. CRH's O'Regan System is currently used in all 48 lower US states. Non-GAAP Measures This press release makes reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted operating EBITDA (in total and broken down as attributable to non-controlling interest and shareholders of the Company) and adjusted operating EBITDA margin as supplemental indicators of its financial and operating performance. Adjusted operating EBITDA is defined as operating income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock based compensation, acquisition related expenses and asset impairment charges. Adjusted operating EBITDA margin is defined as operating earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock based compensation, acquisition related expenses and asset impairment charges as a percentage of revenue. These non-GAAP measures are not recognized measures under US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("US GAAP") and do not have a standardized meaning prescribed by US GAAP and thus the Company's definition may be different from and unlikely to be comparable to non-GAAP measures presented by other companies. These measures are provided as additional information to complement US GAAP measures by providing further understanding of the Company's results of operations from management's perspective. Accordingly, they should not be considered in isolation nor as a substitute for analyses of the Company's financial information reported under US GAAP. Management uses non-GAAP measures such as adjusted operating EBITDA and adjusted operating EBITDA margin to provide investors with a supplemental measure of the Company's operating performance and thus highlight trends in the Company's core business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on US GAAP financial measures. Management also believes that securities analysts, investors and other interested parties frequently use non-GAAP measures in the evaluation of issuers. In addition, management uses these non-GAAP measures in order to facilitate operating performance comparisons from period to period, prepare annual operating budgets, and to assess its ability to meet future debt service, capital expenditure, and working capital requirements. A quantitative reconciliation of adjusted operating EBITDA, and operating EBITDA margin to the most directly comparable measures under US GAAP is presented below. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements Information included or incorporated by reference in this press release may contain forward-looking statements. This information may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words "may," "will," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "plan," "intend" or "project" or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. Certain risks underlying our assumptions are highlighted below; if risks materialize, or if assumptions prove otherwise to be untrue, our results will differ from those suggested by our forward looking statements and our results and operations may be negatively affected. Forward looking statements in this press release include statements regarding the Company's future growth. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements currently contained in this report will in fact occur. The Company bases its forward-looking statements on information currently available to it. The Company disclaims any intent or obligations to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, estimates or options, future events or results or otherwise, unless required to do so by law. Forward-looking information reflects current expectations of management regarding future events and operating performance as of the date of this document. Such information involves significant risks and uncertainties, should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of whether or not such results will be achieved. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in forward-looking information, including, without limitation: Our ability to predict developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact to our operations; changes to payment rates or methods of third-party payors, including United States government healthcare programs, changes to the United States laws and regulations that regulate payments for medical services, the failure of payment rates to increase as our costs increase, or changes to our payor mix, could adversely affect our operating margins and revenues; We are subject to decreases in our revenue and profit margin under our fee for service contracts and arrangements, where we bear the risk of changes in volume, payor mix, radiology, anesthesiology, and pathology benefits, and third-party reimbursement rates; We may or may not successfully identify and complete corporate transactions on favorable terms or achieve anticipated synergies relating to any acquisitions or alliances, and such acquisitions could result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, or require significant management resources and significant charges; Our senior management has been key to our growth, and we may be adversely affected if we lose any member of our senior management; ASCs or other customers may terminate or choose not to renew their agreements with us; If we are unable to maintain or increase anesthesia procedure volumes at our existing ASCs, the operating margins and profitability of our anesthesia segment could be adversely affected; We may not be able to successfully recruit and retain qualified anesthesia service providers or other independent contractors; We may be unable to enforce the non-competition and other restrictive covenants in our agreements; We operate in an industry that is subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation, and changes in law and regulatory interpretations; Changes in the medical industry and the economy may affect the Company's business; Our failure to comply with U.S. federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback laws and other U.S. federal and state anti-referral laws, could have a material, adverse impact on our business; A significant number of our affiliated physicians could leave our affiliated ASCs; Our industry is already competitive and could become more competitive; Unfavorable economic conditions could have an adverse effect on our business; The Company may not be successful in marketing its products and services; Failure to manage third-party service providers may adversely affect our ability to maintain the quality of service that we provide; Congress or states may enact laws restricting the amount out-of-network providers of services can charge and recover for such services; Adverse events related to our product or our services may subject us to risks associated with product liability, medical malpractice or other legal claims, insurance claims, product recalls and other liabilities, which may adversely affect our operations; Our dependence on suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; We may need to raise additional capital to fund future operations; We are subject to various restrictive covenants and events of default under the Credit Facilities; The Affordable Care Act ("ACA") and potential changes to it may have a significant effect on our business; The Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 ("MACRA") and potential changes to it may have a significant effect on our business; Government authorities or other parties may assert that our business practices violate antitrust laws; If regulations or regulatory interpretations change, we may be obligated to re-negotiate agreements of our anesthetists, anesthesiologists or other contractors; Despite current indebtedness levels, we may still be able to incur substantially more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with increased leverage; Failure to timely or accurately bill for services could have a negative impact on our net revenue, bad debt expense and cash flow; If we or some of our suppliers fail to comply with the FDA's Quality System Regulation and other applicable requirements, our manufacturing or processing operations could be disrupted, our sales and profitability could suffer, and we may become subject to a wide variety of FDA enforcement actions; If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, shareholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common shares; Our industry is the subject of numerous governmental investigations into marketing and other business practices which could result in the commencement of civil and/or criminal proceedings, substantial fines, penalties, and/or administrative remedies, divert the attention of our management, and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations; We may write-off intangible assets; If we are unable to manage growth, we may be unable to achieve our expansion strategy; The continuing development of our products and provision of our services depends upon us maintaining strong relationships with physicians; Significant shareholders of the Company could influence our business operations, and sales of our shares by such significant shareholders could influence our share price; We have a legal responsibility to the minority owners of the entities through which we own our anesthesia services business, which may conflict with our interests and prevent us from acting solely in our own best interests; Our common shares may be subject to significant price and volume fluctuations; Unfavorable changes or conditions could occur in the states where our operations are concentrated: We may be subject to a variety of regulatory investigations, claims, lawsuits, and other proceedings; Our anesthesia employees and third-party contractors may not appropriately record or document services that they provide; If we are unable to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property, our competitive position could be impaired; If there is a change in federal or state laws, rules, regulations, or in interpretations of such federal or state laws, rules or regulations, we may be required to redeem our physician partners' ownership interests in anesthesia companies under the savings clause in our joint venture operating agreements; Our employees and business partners may not appropriately secure and protect confidential information in their possession; Failure to protect our information technology infrastructure against cyber-based attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions or data corruption could significantly disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and operating results; If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline; We may be subject to criminal or civil sanctions if we fail to comply with privacy regulations regarding the protection, use and disclosure of patient information; Evolving regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses and continuing uncertainty; Anti-takeover provisions could discourage a third party from making a takeover offer that could be beneficial to our shareholders; We are an "emerging growth company" and a "smaller reporting company," and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to such companies could make our common shares less attractive to investors; We do not intend to pay dividends on our common shares, and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation, if any, in the price of our common shares; Tax reform could have a material adverse effect on us; Income tax audits and changes in our effective income tax rate could affect our results of operations; The patent protection for our products may expire before we are able to maximize their commercial value, which may subject us to increased competition and reduce or eliminate our opportunity to generate revenues; and We may face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. For a complete discussion of the Company's business including the assumptions and risks set out above, see the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report which is available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml or on the Company's website at www.crhmedcorp.com. SOURCE CRH Medical Corporation Related Links www.crhmedcorp.com

Aon to acquire CoverWallet, the leading digital insurance platform for small and medium-sized businesses Aon will accelerate growth of CoverWallet's core offerings and apply underlying technology to broader digital client experience platform Acquisition combines Aon's industry leading investment in data and analytics with CoverWallet's advanced technology to create new sources of value for clients LONDON, Nov. 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Aon plc (NYSE: AON), a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions, announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire CoverWallet, the leading digital insurance platform for small and medium-sized businesses. The acquisition provides Aon with additional access to the fast-growing, $200+ billion premium digital insurance market for small and medium-sized businesses, as well as the opportunity to leverage CoverWallet's platform to develop and scale innovative digital client experiences that support the firm's Aon United growth strategy. "We are excited to combine Aon's expertise in data and analytics and global distribution with CoverWallet's market-defining platform to create new sources of value for our clients," said Greg Case, CEO of Aon. "CoverWallet's culture of innovation is transforming the insurance landscape, and together we have the opportunity to further strengthen and expand the application of their digital client experience." Post-close, CoverWallet will join the growing portfolio of Aon's New Ventures Group, which functions as a growth-stage capability focused on delivering new sources of value to clients that expand Aon's addressable market. As part of the New Ventures Group portfolio, CoverWallet will apply its data and analytics capabilities, technology, and operational expertise to the broader Aon digital client experience, while also working closely with leadership across Aon's geographies and global solution lines to accelerate the growth of CoverWallet's core business. Formed in 2018, Aon's New Ventures Group has experienced significant growth in its first year having developed an innovative portfolio of new client solutions, including Aon's Intellectual Property Solutions and Public Sector Partnership offering. "We started CoverWallet to reinvent commercial insurance. By building our customer-centric platform and leveraging advanced data science, beautiful design, and state-of-the-art technology, we have been able to simplify insurance," said Inaki Berenguer, CEO and Co-Founder of CoverWallet. "Aon's shared vision means we can continue pushing the boundaries of innovation into new markets and new products at a greater scale." Founded in 2015 by technology entrepreneurs Inaki Berenguer and Rashmi Melgiri, CoverWallet has more than 300 employees across engineering, digital marketing, data science, business intelligence, design, and operations, with offices in New York City, Rochester, NY, and Spain. CoverWallet also maintains many strategic partnerships with top insurance companies, including Chubb, CNA, Progressive, Starr, AIG, Zurich, The Hanover, Hiscox, Liberty Mutual, and AmTrust, among others. Earlier this year, CoverWallet and Aon announced an initial commercial partnership, launched a pilot in Australia which later expanded to the U.S, and worked together to build additional pilot programs in the U.S. The transaction is expected to close during the first quarter of 2020, after which the CoverWallet organization will go to market as CoverWallet, an Aon company. About AonAon plc (NYSE:AON) is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance. Follow Aon on Twitter and LinkedIn Stay up to date by visiting the Aon Newsroom and hear from our expert advisors in The One Brief. About CoverWalletCoverWallet is the leading tech company reinventing the multi-billion dollar commercial insurance market for businesses. Based in New York and launched in 2016, it has received more than $40 million in funding from renowned investors including Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Two Sigma, and Foundation Capital, as well as Zurich Insurance Group and Starr Companies. Powered by deep analytics, thoughtful design, and state-of-the-art technology, CoverWallet makes it easy to understand, buy, and manage business insurance online. Media Contacts:Aon Will Dunn, [email protected], +1 212-441-1819CoverWallet Hally Peck, [email protected], +1 646-453-4168 SOURCE Aon plc Related Links http://www.aon.com

lululemon athletica inc. Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Results Revenue increased 2% to $903 million Diluted EPS of $0.66, Adjusted EPS of $0.74 VANCOUVER, British Columbia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--lululemon athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU) today announced financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2020. The summary below provides both GAAP and adjusted non-GAAP financial measures. The adjusted financial measures exclude certain costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of MIRROR, and the related tax effects. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, all of the Company's stores in North America, Europe, and certain countries in Asia Pacific were temporarily closed during the first quarter of fiscal 2020. The Company began reopening its retail locations in these markets during the second quarter of fiscal 2020. As of August 2, 2020, 492 of its 506 company-operated stores were open. For the second quarter ended August 2, 2020: The Company ended the second quarter of fiscal 2020 with $523.0 million in cash and cash equivalents and the capacity under its committed revolving credit facilities was $697.7 million. The Company had $623.7 million in cash and cash equivalents at the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2019. Inventories at the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2020 increased 36% to $672.8 million compared to $494.3 million at the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2019. The Company ended the quarter with 506 stores. Calvin McDonald, CEO of lululemon stated: "We're pleased with our overall business results for the second quarter, as lululemon increasingly lives into its Omni potential. As trends around the world are shifting to working and sweating from home with an increased focus on health and wellness, we believe 2020 is likely an inflection point for retail and for lululemon." McDonald continued: "We are cautiously optimistic with regard to the second half of the year as we continue to navigate the uncertain environment." Fiscal 2020 Outlook Due to the impact that COVID-19 is having across the globe, and the rapid and continuous developments, the Company is not providing detailed financial guidance for fiscal 2020 at this time. Conference Call Information A conference call to discuss second quarter results is scheduled for today, September 8, 2020, at 4:30 p.m. Eastern time. Those interested in participating in the call are invited to dial 1-800-319-4610 or 1-604-638-5340, if calling internationally, approximately 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. A live webcast of the conference call will be available online at: http://investor.lululemon.com/events.cfm. A replay will be made available online approximately two hours following the live call for a period of 30 days. About lululemon athletica inc. lululemon athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU) is a healthy lifestyle inspired athletic apparel company for yoga, running, training, and most other sweaty pursuits, creating transformational products and experiences which enable people to live a life they love. Setting the bar in technical fabrics and functional designs, lululemon works with yogis and athletes in local communities for continuous research and product feedback. For more information, visit www.lululemon.com. Comparable Store Sales and Total Comparable Sales The Company typically believes that investors would find comparable store sales and total comparable sales useful in assessing the performance of its business. As the temporary store closures from COVID-19 have resulted in a significant number of stores being removed from its comparable store base, the Company believes total comparable sales and comparable store sales are not currently representative of the underlying trends of its business. The Company does not believe these metrics are currently useful to investors in understanding performance, therefore it has not included these metrics in this press release. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Constant dollar changes and adjusted financial results are non-GAAP financial measures. A constant dollar basis assumes the average foreign exchange rates for the period remained constant with the average foreign exchange rates for the same period of the prior year. The Company provides constant dollar changes in its results to help investors understand the underlying growth rate of net revenue excluding the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates. Adjusted income from operations, operating margin, income tax expense, effective tax rates, net income, and diluted earnings per share exclude items related to the MIRROR acquisition. We exclude transaction, integration costs, the gain on lululemon's previous investment in MIRROR, certain acquisition-related compensation costs, and the related income tax effects of these items. The acquisition-related compensation costs primarily relate to the acceleration of vesting of certain stock options upon acquisition, and to deferred consideration of $57.1 million in which is due to certain MIRROR employees subject to their continued employment through various vesting dates up to three years from the acquisition date. These individuals also receive employment compensation separate from the deferred amounts that is commensurate with the services they provide and which we consider to be normal operating expenses within selling, general and administrative expenses. We believe these adjusted financial measures are useful to investors as they provide supplemental information that enable evaluation of the underlying trend in our operating performance, and enable a more consistent comparison to our historical financial information. Further, due to the finite and discrete nature of these costs, we do not consider them to be normal operating expenses that are necessary to operate the MIRROR business and we do not expect them to recur beyond the expiry of the related vesting periods. Management uses these adjusted financial measures and constant currency metrics internally when reviewing and assessing financial performance. The presentation of this financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or with greater prominence to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. For more information on these non-GAAP financial measures, please see the section captioned "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" included in the accompanying financial tables, which includes more detail on the GAAP financial measure that is most directly comparable to each non-GAAP financial measure, and the related reconciliations between these financial measures. Forward-Looking Statements: This press release includes estimates, projections, statements relating to the Company's business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In many cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "outlook," "believes," "intends," "estimates," "predicts," "potential" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements also include the Company's guidance and outlook statements. These statements are based on management's current expectations but they involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation: its ability to maintain the value and reputation of its brand; the current COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic and related government, private sector, and individual consumer responsive actions; the acceptability of its products to its guests; its highly competitive market and increasing competition; its reliance on and limited control over third-party suppliers to provide fabrics for and to produce its products; suppliers or manufacturers not complying with its Vendor Code of Ethics or applicable laws; the operations of many of its suppliers are subject to international and other risks; an economic recession, depression, or downturn or economic uncertainty in its key markets; increasing product costs and decreasing selling prices; its ability to anticipate consumer preferences and successfully develop and introduce new, innovative and updated products; its ability to accurately forecast guest demand for its products; its ability to safeguard against security breaches with respect to its information technology systems; any material disruption of its information systems; its ability to have technology-based systems function effectively and grow its e-commerce business globally; changes in consumer shopping preferences and shifts in distribution channels; the fluctuating costs of raw materials; its ability to expand internationally in light of its limited operating experience and limited brand recognition in new international markets; global economic and political conditions and global events such as health pandemics; its ability to deliver its products to the market and to meet guest expectations if it has problems with its distribution system; imitation by its competitors; its ability to protect its intellectual property rights; its ability to source and sell its merchandise profitably or at all if new trade restrictions are imposed or existing trade restrictions become more burdensome; its ability to realize the potential benefits and synergies sought with the acquisition of MIRROR, its operating flexibility given the significant costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of MIRROR, its ability to grow the MIRROR business and have it achieve profitability; changes in tax laws or unanticipated tax liabilities; its ability to manage its growth and the increased complexity of its business effectively; its ability to cancel store leases if an existing or new store is not profitable; increasing labor costs and other factors associated with the production of its products in South and South East Asia; its ability to successfully open new store locations in a timely manner; its ability to comply with trade and other regulations; the service of its senior management; seasonality; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; conflicting trademarks and the prevention of sale of certain products; its exposure to various types of litigation; actions of activist stockholders; anti-takeover provisions in its certificate of incorporation and bylaws; and other risks and uncertainties set out in filings made from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov, including, without limitation, its most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. You are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained herein and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements made herein speak only as of the date of this press release and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as may be required by law. lululemon athletica inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Unaudited; Expressed in thousands, except per share amounts Quarter Ended Two Quarters Ended August 2, 2020 August 4, 2019 August 2, 2020 August 4, 2019 Net revenue $ 902,942 $ 883,352 $ 1,554,904 $ 1,665,667 Costs of goods sold 413,441 397,556 731,001 758,151 Gross profit 489,501 485,796 823,903 907,516 As a percent of net revenue 54.2 % 55.0 % 53.0 % 54.5 % Selling, general and administrative expenses 352,904 317,814 652,510 610,722 As a percent of net revenue 39.1 % 36.0 % 42.0 % 36.7 % Amortization of intangible assets 724 724 Acquisition-related expenses 11,464 13,509 Income from operations 124,409 167,982 157,160 296,794 As a percent of net revenue 13.8 % 19.0 % 10.1 % 17.8 % Other income (expense), net (344) 1,850 830 4,229 Income before income tax expense 124,065 169,832 157,990 301,023 Income tax expense 37,264 44,842 42,557 79,430 Net income $ 86,801 $ 124,990 $ 115,433 $ 221,593 Basic earnings per share $ 0.67 $ 0.96 $ 0.89 $ 1.70 Diluted earnings per share $ 0.66 $ 0.96 $ 0.88 $ 1.69 Basic weighted-average shares outstanding 130,245 130,285 130,248 130,489 Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 130,799 130,783 130,802 131,060 lululemon athletica inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets Unaudited; Expressed in thousands August 2, 2020 February 2, 2020 August 4, 2019 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 522,998 $ 1,093,505 $ 623,738 Inventories 672,773 518,513 494,294 Prepaid and receivable income taxes 125,019 85,159 112,572 Other current assets 168,965 110,761 102,409 Total current assets 1,489,755 1,807,938 1,333,013 Property and equipment, net 698,514 671,693 617,090 Right-of-use lease assets 725,805 689,664 657,044 Goodwill and intangible assets, net 471,064 24,423 24,184 Deferred income taxes and other non-current assets 108,889 87,636 63,413 Total assets $ 3,494,027 $ 3,281,354 $ 2,694,744 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable $ 122,767 $ 79,997 $ 110,513 Accrued inventory liabilities 31,675 6,344 8,778 Other accrued liabilities 177,436 112,641 108,695 Accrued compensation and related expenses 84,102 133,688 100,735 Current lease liabilities 147,941 128,497 130,182 Current income taxes payable 75,153 26,436 5,090 Unredeemed gift card liability 106,425 120,413 79,629 Other current liabilities 17,810 12,402 8,987 Total current liabilities 763,309 620,418 552,609 Non-current lease liabilities 632,646 611,464 568,311 Non-current income taxes payable 43,150 48,226 48,226 Deferred income tax liability 46,901 43,432 14,114 Other non-current liabilities 6,919 5,596 4,105 Stockholders' equity 2,001,102 1,952,218 1,507,379 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 3,494,027 $ 3,281,354 $ 2,694,744 lululemon athletica inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Unaudited; Expressed in thousands Two Quarters Ended August 2, 2020 August 4, 2019 Cash flows from operating activities Net income $ 115,433 $ 221,593 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities (55,371 ) (171,551 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 60,062 50,042 Net cash used in investing activities (545,323 ) (131,969 ) Net cash used in financing activities (82,157 ) (170,985 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (3,089 ) (4,670 ) Decrease in cash and cash equivalents (570,507 ) (257,582 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 1,093,505 881,320 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 522,998 $ 623,738 lululemon athletica inc. Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Unaudited; Expressed in thousands, except per share amounts Constant dollar changes in net revenue, direct to consumer net revenue, and direct to consumer excluding the online warehouse sale The below changes in net revenue show the change compared to the corresponding period in the prior year. Quarter Ended August 2, 2020 Net Revenue Direct to Consumer Net Revenue Direct to Consumer Net Revenue Excluding the Online Warehouse Sale Change 2 % 155 % 135 % Adjustments due to foreign exchange rate changes 1 2 2 Change in constant dollars 3 % 157 % 137 % Adjusted financial measures The following tables reconcile adjusted financial measures with the most directly comparable measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. The adjustments relate to the acquisition of MIRROR and its related tax effects. Please refer to Note 3 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of our Report on Form 10-Q to be filed with the SEC on or about September 8, 2020 for further information on these adjustments. Quarter Ended August 2, 2020 Income from Operations Operating Margin Income Tax Expense Effective Tax Rate Net Income Diluted Earnings Per Share GAAP results $ 124,409 13.8 % $ 37,264 30.0 % $ 86,801 $ 0.66 Transaction and integration costs 7,201 0.8 7,201 0.06 Gain on existing investment (782 ) (0.1 ) (782 ) (0.01 ) Acquisition-related compensation 5,045 0.5 5,045 0.04 Tax effect of the above 1,967 (1.1 ) (1,967 ) (0.01 ) Adjusted results (non-GAAP) $ 135,873 15.0 % $ 39,231 28.9 % $ 96,298 $ 0.74 Two Quarters Ended August 2, 2020 Income from Operations Operating Margin Income Tax Expense Effective Tax Rate Net Income Diluted Earnings Per Share GAAP results $ 157,160 10.1 % $ 42,557 26.9 % $ 115,433 $ 0.88 Transaction and integration costs 9,246 0.6 9,246 0.07 Gain on existing investment (782 ) (0.1 ) (782 ) (0.01 ) Acquisition-related compensation 5,045 0.4 5,045 0.04 Tax effect of the above 1,967 (0.9 ) (1,967 ) (0.01 ) Adjusted results (non-GAAP) $ 170,669 11.0 % $ 44,524 26.0 % $ 126,975 $ 0.97 lululemon athletica inc. Company-operated Store Count and Square Footage1 Square Footage Expressed in Thousands Number of Stores Open at the Beginning of the Quarter Number of Stores Opened During the Quarter Number of Stores Closed During the Quarter Number of Stores Open at the End of the Quarter 3rd Quarter 2019 460 21 2 479 4th Quarter 2019 479 16 4 491 1st Quarter 2020 491 4 6 489 2nd Quarter 2020 489 17 506 Total Gross Square Feet at the Beginning of the Quarter Gross Square Feet Added During the Quarter2 Gross Square Feet Lost During the Quarter2 Total Gross Square Feet at the End of the Quarter 3rd Quarter 2019 1,522 87 5 1,604 4th Quarter 2019 1,604 87 11 1,680 1st Quarter 2020 1,680 24 12 1,692 2nd Quarter 2020 1,692 65 1,757 __________ 1Company-operated store count and square footage summary excludes retail locations operated by third parties under license and supply arrangements. 2Gross square feet added/lost during the quarter includes net square foot additions for company-operated stores which have been renovated or relocated in the quarter.

InVivo Therapeutics Receives FDA Approval for Pivotal, Randomized, Controlled Trial of the Neuro-Spinal Scaffold in Patients with Acute Spinal Cord Injury Study Designed to Enhance Clinical Evidence from INSPIRE Study and Support Potential Humanitarian Device Exemption (HDE) Submission CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--InVivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp. (NVIV) today announced that the company has received supplemental Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for a second pivotal clinical study of the company s Neuro-Spinal Scaffold in patients with acute spinal cord injury (SCI). The 20-patient (10 subjects in each study arm), randomized, controlled trial is designed to enhance the existing clinical evidence for the Neuro-Spinal Scaffold from the company s single-arm INSPIRE study (InVivo Study of Probable Benefit of the Neuro-Spinal Scaffold for Safety and Neurologic Recovery in Subjects with Complete Thoracic AIS A Spinal Cord Injury). The definition of study success is that the difference in the proportion of subjects who demonstrate an improvement of at least one grade on AIS assessment at the six-month primary endpoint follow-up visit between the Scaffold Arm and the Comparator Arm must be equal to or greater than 20%. InVivo recently reported that seven of 16 (43.8%) evaluable patients in the INSPIRE study experienced an improvement in AIS grade from baseline at six months compared to the Objective Performance Criterion (study success definition) of 25% of patients. Of these seven patients, three of five individuals who had converted from AIS A SCI (complete) to AIS B SCI (sensory incomplete) in the first six-month period of follow-up subsequently further improved to AIS C SCI (motor incomplete) within 12 to 24 months, including a recent patient who converted from AIS B to AIS C at the 12-month exam in January 2018. Richard Toselli, M.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of InVivo, commented, We are pleased to announce the FDA s approval of this randomized, controlled trial and appreciate the agency s collaboration with us on the development of a protocol to address the substantial unmet needs in this patient population. We believe this now sets us in a direction towards a clear and efficient path to approval under the HDE regulatory program, and we are focused on engaging with the investment community and exploring financing mechanisms to support this approved randomized study. We look forward to providing further updates as we obtain clarity on financing and the timing for our second pivotal trial. InVivo has achieved important milestones with the FDA over the past seven months under Dr. Toselli s leadership, stated Ann Merrifield, InVivo s Chair of the Board of Directors. I wish to commend Rich and his team in their continuing interactions with the FDA and their strategy for advancing this important program in the clinic. About InVivo Therapeutics InVivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp. is a research and clinical-stage biomaterials and biotechnology company with a focus on treatment of spinal cord injuries. The company was founded in 2005 with proprietary technology co-invented by Robert Langer, Sc.D., Professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Joseph P. Vacanti, M.D., who then was at Boston Children s Hospital and who now is affiliated with Massachusetts General Hospital. In January 2018, the company announced updated clinical evidence, including improvements in patients with acute spinal cord injury (SCI), from its INSPIRE study of the Neuro-Spinal Scaffold . The publicly traded company is headquartered in Cambridge, MA. For more details, visit www.invivotherapeutics.com. Safe Harbor Statement Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements can be identified by words such as believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, will, may, should, expect, designed to, potentially, and similar expressions, and include statements regarding the status of the company s clinical program. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on current expectations, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to the company s discussions and engagement with the FDA; the company s ability to initiate, conduct and complete clinical trials; the expected benefits and potential efficacy of the company s products and technology in connection with the treatment of spinal cord injuries; the availability of substantial additional funding for the company to continue its operations and to conduct research and development, clinical trials and future product commercialization; and other risks associated with the company s business, research, product development, attainment of regulatory approval, marketing and distribution plans and strategies identified and described in more detail in the company s Quarterly Report of the three months ended September 30, 2017 and its other filings with the SEC, including the company s most recent Form 10-K, its Form 10-Qs and its current reports on Form 8-K. The company does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements.

Alacer Gold Announces an Increase to 2018 Oxide Plant Production Guidance at Reduced All-In Sustaining Costs and Reaffirms Sulfide Plant Production Guidance & Schedule Toronto Stock Exchange:ASR TORONTO, July 09, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Alacer Gold Corp. ( Alacer or the Company ) (TSX:ASR) (ASX:AQG) announces an increase to its 2018 oxide plant production guidance to 110,000 130,000 ounces at reduced oxides All-in Sustaining Costs of $650 $700 per ounce1. Production guidance from the sulfide plant remains unchanged at 50,000 100,000 ounces, with the construction of the plant remaining on schedule and under budget. Updated Production Guidance Highlights Oxide Plant Production Guidance As of June 30, Alacer had produced 63,073 ounces of gold from the oxide plant. Oxide plant gold production guidance is increased from 70,000 90,000 ounces to 110,000 130,000 ounces at reduced oxides All-in Sustaining Costs of $650 $700 per ounce (a reduction from initial guidance of $750 $800/oz). Increased oxide gold production guidance is a result of successful in-pit exploration activities which discovered ~1Mt of limestone rich oxide material that can be added into the mining schedule. Blending the limestone rich oxide material with stockpiled low sulfide, high carbonate ore provides an ore blend that can be efficiently processed on the heap leach pad. Extensive testing culminating in full plant trials which began in May 2018 generated positive results showing that the blended ore has good chemical, structural and permeability characteristics with gold recoveries in excess of 60%. Processing of the blended ore is NAV accretive relative to the initial processing schedule of the sulfide stockpiles and generates immediate cash flow. The blended ore is currently being stacked on the heap leach pad. Sulfide Plant Production Guidance and Project Update Sulfide plant gold production guidance remains unchanged at 50,000 100,000 ounces. Sulfide plant remains on track to be delivered under budget and on schedule. The full sulfide plant will start in the third quarter. The staged start-up will begin with the crushing, grinding, and carbon-in-pulp circuits first; then the remainder of the plant, including the pressure oxidation circuits will start. Costs and revenues associated with initial sulfide operations will be capitalized to the construction costs until commercial production is achieved expected in early 2019. Rod Antal, Alacer s President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, We have had an excellent start to our 2018 operations, with over 63,000 ounces of oxide plant production halfway through the year. We re extremely pleased to announce increased production guidance from our oxide plant which has been driven by our ongoing in-pit exploration efforts. Blending the stockpiled low sulfide, high carbonate ore with the discovered limestone rich oxide material and stacking it on the heap leach pad provides cash flows today and is NAV accretive relative to the original processing schedule. About Alacer Alacer is a leading low-cost gold producer, with an 80% interest in the world-class pler Gold Mine located in Turkey and operated by Anagold, with the remaining 20% owned by Lidya. The Company s primary focus is to leverage its cornerstone pler Mine and strong balance sheet to maximize portfolio value and free cash flow, minimize project risk, and therefore, create maximum value for shareholders. The pler Mine is in east-central Turkey in the Erzincan Province, approximately 1,100 kilometers southeast from Istanbul and 550 kilometers east from Ankara, Turkey s capital city. Alacer is actively pursuing initiatives to enhance value beyond the current mine plan: pler Oxide Production Optimization Expansion of the existing heap leach pad capacity to 58 million tonnes continues in preparation for the addition of oxide ore from akmaktepe reserves expected in Q4 2018, pending approval of the revised akmaktepe Environmental Impact Assessment ( EIA ) and operating permits. The Corporation continues to evaluate opportunities to extend oxide production beyond the current reserves with in-pit exploration, pler District exploration, and evaluating options to increase heap leach pad capacity, including potential for a new heap leach pad to the west of the pler Gold Mine. pler Sulfide Expansion Project (the Sulfide Project ) The Sulfide Project is near completion with commissioning underway. Additionally, the Project is under budget and on schedule for start-up in Q3 2018. The Sulfide Project is expected to deliver long-term growth with robust financial returns and adds 20 years of production at pler. The Sulfide Project will bring pler s remaining life-of-mine ( LoM ) gold production to approximately 4 million ounces at All-in Sustaining Costs averaging $645 per ounce2. The Corporation continues to pursue opportunities to further expand its current operating base to become a sustainable multi-mine producer with a focus on Turkey. The systematic and focused exploration efforts in the pler District, as well as in other regions of Turkey, are progressing. In February 2018, the Corporation announced additional positive drilling results at Ardich3 within the pler District. The pler District remains the focus, with the goal of continuing to grow oxide resources that will deliver production utilizing the existing pler infrastructure. In the other regions of Turkey, targeted exploration work continues, and work on the Definitive Feasibility Study for the Gediktepe Project4 is expected to be complete later in 2018. Alacer is a Canadian corporation incorporated in the Yukon Territory with its primary listing on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The Corporation also has a secondary listing on the Australian Securities Exchange where CHESS Depositary Interests ( CDIs ) trade. Cautionary Statements Except for statements of historical fact relating to Alacer, certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking information, future oriented financial information, or financial outlooks (collectively forward-looking information ) within the meaning of Canadian securities laws. Forward-looking information may be contained in this document and other public filings of Alacer. Forward-looking information often relates to statements concerning Alacer s outlook and anticipated events or results, and in some cases, can be identified by terminology such as may , will , could , should , expect , plan , anticipate , believe , intend , estimate , projects , predict , potential , continue or other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Forward-looking information includes statements concerning, among other things, preliminary cost reporting in this document; production, cost, and capital expenditure guidance; the ability to expand the current heap leach pad; development plans for processing sulfide ore at pler; the results of any gold reconciliations; the ability to discover additional oxide gold ore; the generation of free cash flow and payment of dividends; matters relating to proposed exploration; communications with local stakeholders; maintaining community and government relations; negotiations of joint ventures; negotiation and completion of transactions; commodity prices; mineral resources, mineral reserves, realization of mineral reserves, and the existence or realization of mineral resource estimates; the development approach; the timing and amount of future production; the timing of studies, announcements, and analysis; the timing of construction and development of proposed mines and process facilities; capital and operating expenditures; economic conditions; availability of sufficient financing; exploration plans; receipt of regulatory approvals; and any and all other timing, exploration, development, operational, financial, budgetary, economic, legal, social, environmental, regulatory, and political matters that may influence or be influenced by future events or conditions. Such forward-looking information and statements are based on a number of material factors and assumptions, including, but not limited in any manner to, those disclosed in any other of Alacer s filings, and include the inherent speculative nature of exploration results; the ability to explore; communications with local stakeholders; maintaining community and governmental relations; status of negotiations of joint ventures; weather conditions at Alacer s operations; commodity prices; the ultimate determination of and realization of mineral reserves; existence or realization of mineral resources; the development approach; availability and receipt of required approvals, titles, licenses and permits; sufficient working capital to develop and operate the mines and implement development plans; access to adequate services and supplies; foreign currency exchange rates; interest rates; access to capital markets and associated cost of funds; availability of a qualified work force; ability to negotiate, finalize, and execute relevant agreements; lack of social opposition to the mines or facilities; lack of legal challenges with respect to the property of Alacer; the timing and amount of future production; the ability to meet production, cost, and capital expenditure targets; timing and ability to produce studies and analyses; capital and operating expenditures; economic conditions; availability of sufficient financing; the ultimate ability to mine, process, and sell mineral products on economically favorable terms; and any and all other timing, exploration, development, operational, financial, budgetary, economic, legal, social, geopolitical, regulatory and political factors that may influence future events or conditions. While we consider these factors and assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available to us, they may prove to be incorrect. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information and statements. Forward-looking information and statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and our projections about future events. Actual results may vary from such forward-looking information for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties disclosed in Alacer s filings on the Corporation s website at www.alacergold.com, on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the ASX at www.asx.com.au, and other unforeseen events or circumstances. Other than as required by law, Alacer does not intend, and undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking information to reflect, among other things, new information or future events. For further information on Alacer Gold Corp., please contact: Lisa Maestas Director, Investor Relations at +1-303-292-1299 ___________________________________ 1 All-in Sustaining Costs per ounce is a consolidated non-IFRS performance measure with no standardized definition under IFRS. For further information and a detailed reconciliation to IFRS, please see the Non-IFRS Measures section of the latest MD&A. 2 Detailed information regarding the Sulfide Project, including the material assumptions on which the forward-looking financial information is based, can be found in the technical report dated June 9, 2016 entitled pler Mine Technical Report (the pler Mine Technical Report ) available on www.sedar.com and on www.asx.com.au. 3 Detailed information, including complete drill hole data, can be found in the press release entitled Alacer Announced Additional Positive Drilling Results for the pler District including 67.7 Meters at 4.08 Grams per Tonne Gold Near Surface (the Ardich Update ), filed on February 26, 2018, which is available on www.sedar.com and on www.asx.com.au. 4 Additional information on the Gediktepe Project can be found in the press release entitled Alacer Gold Announces a New Reserve for its Gediktepe Project Providing Future Growth, (the Gediktepe PFS ) dated September 13, 2016, available on www.sedar.com and on www.asx.com.au.

Swedish Match AB (publ) Share Capital and Total Number of Shares STOCKHOLM, April 30, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- In accordance with the resolution at the Annual General Meeting on April 2, 2020, Swedish Match AB (publ) has cancelled 7,750,000 repurchased treasury shares. The share capital of 389,515,417.20 SEK remains unchanged, since, simultaneous with the resolution to reduce the share capital by means of withdrawal of repurchased treasury shares, it was resolved to increase the share capital by a transfer from non-restricted shareholders' equity to the share capital (bonus issue). Thereby the share capital was restored to its balance prior to the reduction, without the issuing of any new shares. The total number of shares in the Company, including the treasury shares held by Swedish Match AB (publ) on April 30, 2020, amount to 162,200,000 shares with the equivalent amount of votes. Contacts: Thomas HayesSenior Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerOffice +46-8-658-0108 Emmett HarrisonSenior Vice President Investor RelationsOffice +46-70-938-0173 This information is information that Swedish Match AB (publ) is obliged to make public pursuant to the Financial Instruments Trading Act. The information was submitted for publication at 10.00 a.m. CET on April 30, 2020. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com https://news.cision.com/swedish-match/r/swedish-match-ab--publ--share-capital-and-total-number-of-shares,c3100791 The following files are available for download: https://mb.cision.com/Main/2004/3100791/1239199.pdf Release SOURCE Swedish Match

ACCO Brands Corporation Announces Additional $100 Million Share Repurchase Authorization LAKE ZURICH, Ill., Aug. 7, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE: ACCO), one of the world's largest designers, marketers and manufacturers of branded academic, consumer and business products, today announced that its board of directors approved an authorization to repurchase up to an additional $100 million in shares of its common stock. As of June 30, 2019, the company had $69.6 million remaining on its prior authorizations. With the new authorization, the company has a combined $169.6 million available for share repurchases. Stock repurchases are subject to market conditions and other considerations and may be commenced or suspended at any time or from time to time, without prior notice. About ACCO Brands Corporation ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE: ACCO) is one of the world's largest designers, marketers and manufacturers of branded academic, consumer and business products. Our widely recognized brands include Artline , AT-A-GLANCE , Derwent , Esselte , Five Star , Foroni , GBC , Hilroy , Kensington , Leitz , Mead , Quartet , Rapid , Rexel , Swingline , Tilibra , Wilson Jones and many others. Our products are sold in more than 100 countries around the world. More information about ACCO Brands, the Home of Great Brands Built by Great People, can be found at www.accobrands.com. Forward-Looking Statements Statements contained in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, particularly those anticipating future financial performance, business prospects, growth, operating strategies and similar matters are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are generally identifiable by the use of the words "will," "believe," "expect," "intend," "anticipate," "estimate," "forecast," "project," "plan," and similar expressions, are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, are made as of the date hereof, and we undertake no duty or obligation to update them. Because actual results may differ materially from those suggested or implied by such forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on them when deciding whether to buy, sell or hold the company's securities. Detailed information concerning the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements is readily available in our publicly filed quarterly, annual and other reports, including in "Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in other reports we file with the SEC. SOURCE ACCO Brands Corporation Related Links http://www.accobrands.com

Marten Transport Announces Second Quarter Results and Declares Three-for-Two Stock Split and Regular Quarterly Dividend With a 50% Increase in Cash Payout Reports highest operating income for any quarter in Company history MONDOVI, Wis., July 16, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Marten Transport, Ltd. (Nasdaq/GS:MRTN) today reported a 19.4% improvement in net income to $18.1 million, or 33 cents per diluted share, for the second quarter ended June 30, 2020, from $15.2 million, or 28 cents per diluted share, for the second quarter of 2019. For the first six months of 2020, net income improved 10.8% to $31.9 million, or 58 cents per diluted share, from $28.7 million, or 52 cents per diluted share, for the first six months of 2019. Marten Transport also announced today that its Board of Directors has declared a three-for-two stock split of the company s common stock and a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.04 per share of common stock. The stock split, while maintaining the current quarterly cash dividend amount per share, effectively increases the cash payout to stockholders by 50%. Operating Results Comparison Percentage Percentage Increase Increase Three Months Six Months Ended Ended June 30, June 30, 2020 vs. 2019 2020 vs. 2019 Operating revenue 0.1 % 4.8 % Operating revenue, net of fuel surcharges 4.7 % 7.4 % Operating income 26.6 % 14.9 % Net income 19.4 % 10.8 % Operating revenue improved to $212.4 million for the second quarter of 2020 from $212.1 million for the second quarter of 2019, and improved 4.8% to $431.0 million for the first six months of 2020 from $411.1 million for the first six months of 2019. Excluding fuel surcharges, operating revenue improved 4.7% to $194.0 million for the 2020 quarter from $185.4 million for the 2019 quarter, and improved 7.4% to $387.4 million for the first six months of 2020 from $360.8 million for the first six months of 2019. Fuel surcharge revenue decreased to $18.3 million for the 2020 quarter from $26.7 million for the 2019 quarter and decreased to $43.6 million for the first six months of 2020 from $50.3 million for the first six months of 2019 due to significantly lower fuel prices. Operating income improved 26.6% to a record $25.3 million for the second quarter of 2020 from $19.9 million for the second quarter of 2019. This quarter s operating income was the highest for any quarter in Marten s history, and was also a record excluding a $3.0 million, or 4 cents per diluted share, benefit from reduced net fuel expense as a percentage of revenue from the second quarter of 2019 to 2020. Operating income improved 14.9% to $43.3 million for the first six months of 2020 from $37.7 million for the first six months of 2019. Operating expenses as a percentage of operating revenue improved to 88.1% for the second quarter of 2020 from 90.6% for the second quarter of 2019. Operating expenses as a percentage of operating revenue, with both amounts net of fuel surcharges, improved to 87.0% from 89.2%. Operating expenses as a percentage of operating revenue improved to 90.0% for the first six months of 2020 from 90.8% for the first six months of 2019. Operating expenses as a percentage of operating revenue, with both amounts net of fuel surcharges, improved to 88.8% from 89.6%. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Randolph L. Marten said, To each of our over 4,100 talented, hard-working drivers, maintenance personnel and employees across all functions and regions, you should be extremely proud of the strong results that you consistently drive, and of the record operating income in the second quarter that you earned. I sure am. Within an environment of significantly fluctuating customer freight volumes, we improved our Truckload miles per tractor by 4.8% over the second quarter of 2019 through our adaptive, continual redeployment of our drivers to match the changing freight demand by lane while minimizing empty miles. We plan on pursuing profitable growth opportunities in the second half of this year. We embrace our responsibility to keep our valued employees safe and healthy as they each contribute to our transporting and distributing the food, beverages and other consumer goods essential to millions of people in North America. I am also pleased to announce this stock split which reflects our continued strong financial condition. The increased number of outstanding shares should increase trading activity, or float, in our common stock while our stockholders benefit from the 50% increase in our quarterly dividend cash payout. The three-for-two stock split of the company s common stock will be effected in the form of a stock dividend payable on August 13, 2020 to stockholders of record as of July 30, 2020. Holders of the company s common stock will receive an additional one-half share for each outstanding share of common stock held as of the record date. The stock split will increase the number of outstanding shares of common stock from approximately 55.1 million to approximately 82.7 million shares. The regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.04 per share of common stock will be payable on September 30, 2020 to stockholders of record at the close of business on September 16, 2020. This is Marten s 41st consecutive quarterly cash dividend. With the payment of this dividend, Marten will have paid a total of $93.6 million in cash dividends, including special dividends totaling $52.1 million in 2019 and 2012, since the dividend program was implemented in 2010. Marten Transport, with headquarters in Mondovi, Wis., is a multifaceted business offering a network of refrigerated and dry truck-based transportation capabilities across the Company s five distinct business platforms - Truckload, Dedicated, Intermodal, Brokerage and MRTN de Mexico. Marten is one of the leading temperature-sensitive truckload carriers in the United States, specializing in transporting and distributing food, beverages and other consumer packaged goods that require a temperature-controlled or insulated environment. The Company offers service in the United States, Canada and Mexico, concentrating on expedited movements for high-volume customers. Marten s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol MRTN. This press release contains certain statements that may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements include a discussion of the Company s prospects for future growth and current expectations concerning future payment of dividends. These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Important factors known to the Company that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements are discussed in Part I, Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and in Part II, Item 1A of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. The Company undertakes no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Tim Kohl, President, and Jim Hinnendael, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of Marten Transport, Ltd., 715-926-4216. MARTEN TRANSPORT, LTD. CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS June 30, December 31, (In thousands, except share information) 2020 2019 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 75,323 $ 31,461 Receivables: Trade, net 83,854 90,712 Other 12,639 11,055 Prepaid expenses and other 22,906 20,938 Total current assets 194,722 154,166 Property and equipment: Revenue equipment, buildings and land, office equipment and other 920,608 904,237 Accumulated depreciation (276,412 ) (263,843 ) Net property and equipment 644,196 640,394 Other noncurrent assets 1,916 2,026 Total assets $ 840,834 $ 796,586 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 26,176 $ 22,917 Insurance and claims accruals 35,834 31,729 Accrued and other current liabilities 25,569 21,680 Total current liabilities 87,579 76,326 Deferred income taxes 123,285 122,022 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 572 649 Total liabilities 211,436 198,997 Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, $.01 par value per share; 2,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding - - Common stock, $.01 par value per share; 192,000,000 shares authorized; 55,107,805 shares at June 30, 2020, and 54,703,466 shares at December 31, 2019, issued and outstanding 551 547 Additional paid-in capital 83,816 79,465 Retained earnings 545,031 517,577 Total stockholders equity 629,398 597,589 Total liabilities and stockholders equity $ 840,834 $ 796,586 MARTEN TRANSPORT, LTD. CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) Three Months Six Months Ended June 30, Ended June 30, (In thousands, except per share information) 2020 2019 2020 2019 Operating revenue $ 212,384 $ 212,090 $ 431,030 $ 411,113 Operating expenses (income): Salaries, wages and benefits 73,476 68,613 146,237 132,137 Purchased transportation 36,165 38,668 76,610 76,917 Fuel and fuel taxes 20,868 30,952 49,165 58,629 Supplies and maintenance 11,833 11,502 24,061 22,623 Depreciation 25,972 23,462 51,399 46,005 Operating taxes and licenses 2,615 2,438 5,254 4,771 Insurance and claims 11,633 9,862 23,917 19,737 Communications and utilities 1,977 1,950 3,962 3,900 Gain on disposition of revenue equipment (2,216 ) (1,230 ) (3,771 ) (2,778 ) Other 4,805 5,929 10,908 11,495 Total operating expenses 187,128 192,146 387,742 373,436 Operating income 25,256 19,944 43,288 37,677 Other (13 ) (395 ) (110 ) (673 ) Income before income taxes 25,269 20,339 43,398 38,350 Income taxes expense 7,135 5,149 11,546 9,614 Net income $ 18,134 $ 15,190 $ 31,852 $ 28,736 Basic earnings per common share $ 0.33 $ 0.28 $ 0.58 $ 0.53 Diluted earnings per common share $ 0.33 $ 0.28 $ 0.58 $ 0.52 Dividends declared per common share $ 0.04 $ 0.03 $ 0.08 $ 0.06 MARTEN TRANSPORT, LTD. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Unaudited) Dollar Percentage Change Change Three Months Three Months Three Months Ended Ended Ended June 30, June 30, June 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2020 2019 2020 vs. 2019 2020 vs. 2019 Operating revenue: Truckload revenue, net of fuel surcharge revenue $ 85,966 $ 83,215 $ 2,751 3.3 % Truckload fuel surcharge revenue 8,234 12,807 (4,573 ) (35.7 ) Total Truckload revenue 94,200 96,022 (1,822 ) (1.9 ) Dedicated revenue, net of fuel surcharge revenue 67,076 56,160 10,916 19.4 Dedicated fuel surcharge revenue 8,351 10,850 (2,499 ) (23.0 ) Total Dedicated revenue 75,427 67,010 8,417 12.6 Intermodal revenue, net of fuel surcharge revenue 18,542 17,527 1,015 5.8 Intermodal fuel surcharge revenue 1,759 3,076 (1,317 ) (42.8 ) Total Intermodal revenue 20,301 20,603 (302 ) (1.5 ) Brokerage revenue 22,456 28,455 (5,999 ) (21.1 ) Total operating revenue $ 212,384 $ 212,090 $ 294 0.1 % Operating income: Truckload $ 11,036 $ 8,045 $ 2,991 37.2 % Dedicated 11,452 7,700 3,752 48.7 Intermodal 954 1,536 (582 ) (37.9 ) Brokerage 1,814 2,663 (849 ) (31.9 ) Total operating income $ 25,256 $ 19,944 $ 5,312 26.6 % Operating ratio: Truckload 88.3 % 91.6 % Dedicated 84.8 88.5 Intermodal 95.3 92.5 Brokerage 91.9 90.6 Consolidated operating ratio 88.1 % 90.6 % MARTEN TRANSPORT, LTD. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Unaudited) Dollar Percentage Change Change Six Months Six Months Six Months Ended Ended Ended June 30, June 30, June 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2020 2019 2020 vs. 2019 2020 vs. 2019 Operating revenue: Truckload revenue, net of fuel surcharge revenue $ 169,823 $ 163,382 $ 6,441 3.9 % Truckload fuel surcharge revenue 19,509 24,362 (4,853 ) (19.9 ) Total Truckload revenue 189,332 187,744 1,588 0.8 Dedicated revenue, net of fuel surcharge revenue 131,235 105,084 26,151 24.9 Dedicated fuel surcharge revenue 19,229 19,651 (422 ) (2.1 ) Total Dedicated revenue 150,464 124,735 25,729 20.6 Intermodal revenue, net of fuel surcharge revenue 39,136 37,282 1,854 5.0 Intermodal fuel surcharge revenue 4,845 6,292 (1,447 ) (23.0 ) Total Intermodal revenue 43,981 43,574 407 0.9 Brokerage revenue 47,253 55,060 (7,807 ) (14.2 ) Total operating revenue $ 431,030 $ 411,113 $ 19,917 4.8 % Operating income: Truckload $ 17,821 $ 15,600 $ 2,221 14.2 % Dedicated 19,985 13,215 6,770 51.2 Intermodal 2,260 3,930 (1,670 ) (42.5 ) Brokerage 3,222 4,932 (1,710 ) (34.7 ) Total operating income $ 43,288 $ 37,677 $ 5,611 14.9 % Operating ratio: Truckload 90.6 % 91.7 % Dedicated 86.7 89.4 Intermodal 94.9 91.0 Brokerage 93.2 91.0 Consolidated operating ratio 90.0 % 90.8 % MARTEN TRANSPORT, LTD. OPERATING STATISTICS (Unaudited) Three Months Six Months Ended June 30, Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Truckload Segment: Revenue (in thousands) $ 94,200 $ 96,022 $ 189,332 $ 187,744 Average revenue, net of fuel surcharges, per tractor per week(1) $ 3,829 $ 3,876 $ 3,821 $ 3,867 Average tractors(1) 1,727 1,652 1,710 1,634 Average miles per trip 557 532 558 546 Non-revenue miles percentage(2) 10.9 % 11.1 % 11.0 % 11.2 % Total miles (in thousands) 42,833 39,077 83,872 76,313 Dedicated Segment: Revenue (in thousands) $ 75,427 $ 67,010 $ 150,464 $ 124,735 Average revenue, net of fuel surcharges, per tractor per week(1) $ 3,314 $ 3,460 $ 3,309 $ 3,424 Average tractors(1) 1,557 1,248 1,525 1,187 Average miles per trip 307 314 306 318 Non-revenue miles percentage(2) 0.8 % 0.7 % 0.8 % 0.7 % Total miles (in thousands) 33,174 27,198 64,710 50,841 Intermodal Segment: Revenue (in thousands) $ 20,301 $ 20,603 $ 43,981 $ 43,574 Loads 8,693 8,430 18,430 17,681 Average tractors 98 81 99 84 Brokerage Segment: Revenue (in thousands) $ 22,456 $ 28,455 $ 47,253 $ 55,060 Loads 15,280 16,185 31,388 31,451 At June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2019: Total tractors(1) 3,313 3,047 Average age of company tractors (in years) 1.8 1.9 Total trailers 5,364 5,437 Average age of company trailers (in years) 2.7 2.6 Ratio of trailers to tractors(1) 1.6 1.8 Three Months Six Months Ended June 30, Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 60,587 $ 37,473 $ 104,067 $ 75,101 Net cash (used for) investing activities (22,558 ) (39,034 ) (59,190 ) (45,770 ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 1,158 (1,173 ) (1,015 ) (3,302 ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 55,018 54,616 54,914 54,585 Diluted 55,422 55,081 55,345 55,055

HURCO ANNOUNCES CASH DIVIDEND & SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM INDIANAPOLIS, March 13, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Hurco Companies, Inc. (Nasdaq Global Select Market: HURC) today announced that its Board of Directors approved the payment of a cash dividend of $0.13 per share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on April 13, 2020, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 30, 2020. Future declarations of dividends are subject to approval of the Board of Directors and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change. Also today, Hurco announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program in an aggregate amount of up to $7.0 million. Repurchases under the program may be made in the open market or through privately-negotiated transactions from time to time through March 11, 2022, subject to applicable laws and regulations. The program may be amended, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not commit Hurco to repurchase any shares of its common stock. Michael Doar, Chief Executive Officer, stated, Hurco s dividend and share repurchase program announcements today reinforce the company s balanced approach to capital allocation strategy a strategy that prioritizes a strong balance sheet and liquidity position, but also recognizes the importance of accretive growth and returning value to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases, when appropriate. Our ability to return value to shareholders, even during periods of economic uncertainty or softness, is a testament to the company s fiscally-conservative nature and long-term perspective. Of course, investments in research and development and acquisitions remain integral pillars of our capital allocation strategy. Hurco has closed five strategic acquisitions since 2013 ranging from vertical integrations with suppliers of high-value, critical components and distributors in strategic machine tool markets, to additional machine tool brands with supplemental customer penetration or product line portfolios, to our most recent acquisition of a business that provides automation and material-handling solutions for the high-mix, low volume production environment. We remain committed to evaluating additional acquisitions and continue to believe that economic downturns represent an opportunity to acquire businesses, at great value. Hurco Companies, Inc. is an international, industrial technology company that sells its three brands of computer numeric control ( CNC ) machine tools to the worldwide metal cutting and metal forming industry. Two of the Company s brands of machine tools, Hurco and Milltronics, are equipped with interactive controls that include software that is proprietary to each respective brand. The Company designs these controls and develops the software. The third brand of CNC machine tools, Takumi, is equipped with industrial controls that are produced by third parties, which allows the customer to decide the type of control added to the Takumi CNC machine tool. The Company also produces high-value machine tool components and accessories and provides automation solutions that can be integrated with any machine tool. The end markets for the Company's products are independent job shops, short-run manufacturing operations within large corporations, and manufacturers with production-oriented operations. The Company s customers manufacture precision parts, tools, dies, and/or molds for industries such as aerospace, defense, medical equipment, energy, transportation and computer equipment. The Company is based in Indianapolis, Indiana, with manufacturing operations in Taiwan, Italy, the U.S. and China, and sells its products through direct and indirect sales forces throughout the Americas, Europe, and Asia. The Company has sales, application engineering support and service subsidiaries in China, England, France, Germany, India, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Singapore, the U.S., and Taiwan. Web Site: www.hurco.com Certain statements in this news release are forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others, the cyclical nature of the machine tool industry, changes in general economic and business conditions that affect demand for our products, the risks of our international operations, changes in manufacturing markets, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, innovations by competitors, increases in prices of raw materials, the ability to protect our intellectual property, governmental actions and initiatives, including import and export restrictions and tariffs, breaches of our network and system security measures, quality and delivery performance by our vendors, our ability to effectively integrate acquisitions, negative or unforeseen tax consequences, loss of key personnel, failure to comply with data privacy and security regulations, and other risks and uncertainties discussed more fully under the caption Risk Factors in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Canaan Inc. Announces Up to US$10 Million Share Repurchase Program HANGZHOU, China, Sept. 08, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Canaan Inc. (NASDAQ: CAN) ("Canaan" or the "Company"), a leading high-performance computing solutions provider, today announced that its board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to US$10 million worth of its outstanding (i) American depositary shares ("ADSs"), each representing 15 Class A ordinary shares, and/or (ii) Class A ordinary shares over the next 12 months starting from September 22, 2020. Under the share repurchase program, the Company may repurchase its ADSs from time to time through open market transactions at prevailing market prices, privately negotiated transactions, block trades or any combination thereof. In addition, Canaan will also effect repurchase transactions in compliance with Rule 10b5-1 and/or Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and its insider trading policy. The number of ADSs repurchased and the timing of repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, price, trading volume and general market conditions, along with Canaan s working capital requirements and general business conditions. The Company s board of directors and/or its management will review the share repurchase program periodically, and may authorize adjustment of its terms and size. The Company plans to fund the repurchases from its existing cash balance. About Canaan Inc. Established in 2013, Canaan Inc. provides high-performance computing solutions to efficiently solve complex problems. In 2016, Canaan successfully initiated the production of its first 16nm chip and passed the test to receive China's national high-tech enterprise certification. In 2018, Canaan achieved major technological breakthroughs to launch the K210, the world's first-ever RISC-V-based edge artificial intelligence (AI) chip, which is now widely used for access control in situations such as smart door locks and more. Canaan Inc. is currently focused on the research and development of advanced technology, including such areas as AI chips, AI algorithms, AI architectures, system on a chip (SoC) integration and chip integration. Using the AI chip as its base, Canaan Inc. has established an intellectual value chain. Canaan Inc. also provides a suite of AI service solutions and is able to tailor these solutions to the needs of its partners. For more information, please visit: investor.canaan-creative.com. Safe Harbor Statement This announcement contains forward looking statements. These statements are made under the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward looking statements can be identified by terminology such as will, expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, estimates and similar statements. Among other things, the business outlook and quotations from management in this announcement, as well as Canaan Inc. s strategic and operational plans, contain forward looking statements. Canaan Inc. may also make written or oral forward looking statements in its periodic reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on Forms 20 F and 6 K, in its annual report to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about Canaan Inc. s beliefs and expectations, are forward looking statements. Forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward looking statement, including but not limited to the following: the Company s goals and strategies; the Company s future business development, financial condition and results of operations; the expected growth of the Bitcoin industry and the price of Bitcoin; the Company s expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of its products, especially its Bitcoin mining machines; the Company s expectations regarding maintaining and strengthening its relationships with production partners and customers; the Company s investment plans and strategies, fluctuations in the Company s quarterly operating results; competition in its industry in China; and relevant government policies and regulations relating to the Company and cryptocurrency. Further information regarding these and other risks is included in the Company s filings with the SEC, including its registration statement on Form F 1, as amended, and its annual reports on Form 20 F. All information provided in this press release and in the attachments is as of the date of this press release, and Canaan Inc. does not undertake any obligation to update any forward looking statement, except as required under applicable law. Investor Relations Contact Canaan Inc. Mr. Shaoke Li Email: IR@canaan-creative.com ICR Inc. Jack Wang Tel: +1 (347) 396-3281 Email: canaan.ir@icrinc.com

Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Shareholders Approve All 2020 Annual General Meeting Proposals SAN CARLOS, Calif., Aug. 03, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ: CHKP) today announced that shareholders approved all five proposals presented at the 2020 Annual General Meeting. Approximately 106.3 million shares, representing approximately 76 percent of the shares outstanding as of the record date, were voted at the meeting. Check Point would like to thank shareholders for the support and confidence they have in the company and its employees. For more information on the agenda items, please see the company s proxy statement for the annual general meeting of shareholders: http://www.checkpoint.com/about-us/investor-relations/annual-general-meeting/ About Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (www.checkpoint.com) is a leading provider of cyber security solutions to governments and corporate enterprises globally. Its solutions protect customers from 5th generation cyber-attacks with an industry leading catch rate of malware, ransomware and other types of attacks. Check Point offers multilevel security architecture, Infinity Total Protection with Gen V advanced threat prevention, which defends enterprises cloud, network and mobile device held information. Check Point provides the most comprehensive and intuitive one point of control security management system. Check Point protects over 100,000 organizations of all sizes. Legal Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. Our expectations and beliefs regarding these matters may not materialize, and actual results or events in the future are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those projected. These risks include our ability to continue to develop platform capabilities and solutions; customer acceptance and purchase of our existing solutions and new solutions; the market for IT security continuing to develop; competition from other products and services; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, as well as on our customers, suppliers and business partners; governmental action related to the coronavirus pandemic; and general market, political, economic and business conditions. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to other risks and uncertainties, including those more fully described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 2, 2020. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information available to Check Point as of the date hereof, and Check Point disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 2020 Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved.

Myovant Sciences Announces Positive Results from Phase 3 SPIRIT 2 Study Evaluating Once-Daily Relugolix Combination Therapy in Women with Endometriosis and from Ovulation Inhibition Study Co-primary endpoints met with 75.2% response rate for dysmenorrhea (menstrual pain) (p < 0.0001) and 66.0% response rate for non-menstrual pelvic pain (p < 0.0001) Women receiving relugolix combination therapy, on average, had a 75.1% reduction on the Numerical Rating Scale for dysmenorrhea from 7.2 (severe pain) to 1.7 (mild pain) Achieved six key secondary endpoints, including improvement in impact of pain on daily activities and a greater proportion of women not using opioids, with a generally well-tolerated safety profile including minimal bone mineral density loss Demonstrated 100% ovulation inhibition and 100% return of ovulation or menses upon discontinuation of treatment in a separate study Conference call and webcast to be held today at 8:30 a.m. EDT / 5:30 a.m. PDT BASEL, Switzerland, April 22, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Myovant Sciences (NYSE: MYOV), a healthcare company focused on redefining care for women's health and prostate cancer, today announced that SPIRIT 2, the first of two Phase 3 studies of once-daily relugolix combination therapy (relugolix 40 mg plus estradiol 1.0 mg, and norethindrone acetate 0.5 mg) in women with pain associated with endometriosis, met its co-primary efficacy endpoints and six key secondary endpoints. In addition, relugolix combination therapy was generally well-tolerated including minimal bone mineral density loss over 24 weeks. Myovant also announced that, in a separate clinical study, relugolix combination therapy achieved 100% ovulation inhibition in 67 healthy women with no women ovulating during the 84-day treatment period, as evaluated by the Hoogland-Skouby assessment scale (score < 5). Furthermore, 100% of women resumed ovulation or menses upon discontinuation of treatment with an average time to ovulation of 23.5 days. Endometriosis causes severe physical pain and emotional distress for many women who are in need of new non-invasive treatment options suitable for long-term use, said Linda Giudice, M.D., Ph.D., distinguished professor in reproductive sciences at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). The clinically-meaningful results announced today are highly encouraging, especially since the same dose that achieved significant improvement in pain also demonstrated a well-tolerated safety profile including minimal bone mineral density loss. In the co-primary endpoint analysis of SPIRIT 2, 75.2% of women receiving once-daily relugolix combination therapy achieved a clinically-meaningful reduction in dysmenorrhea versus 30.4% of women in the placebo group (p < 0.0001). For non-menstrual pelvic pain, relugolix combination therapy achieved a clinically-meaningful reduction in 66.0% of women versus 42.6% women in the placebo group (p < 0.0001). On average, women receiving relugolix combination therapy had a 75.1% reduction on the 11-point (0 to 10) Numerical Rating Scale for dysmenorrhea from 7.2 (severe pain) to 1.7 (mild pain). Building on our successful Phase 3 studies in uterine fibroids, we are very pleased with the positive results from our first Phase 3 study in endometriosis which brings us closer to realizing our vision of a one dose, one pill, once a day potential treatment that balances clinically-meaningful symptom relief with a well-tolerated safety profile for women suffering from these diseases, said Lynn Seely, M.D., chief executive officer of Myovant Sciences. We look forward to sharing the results from our replicate Phase 3 study in endometriosis later this quarter. Six key secondary endpoints measured at Week 24 and compared to placebo achieved statistical significance, including changes in mean dysmenorrhea and overall pelvic pain, impact of pain on daily activities as measured by the Endometriosis Health Profile-30 (EHP-30) pain domain, a greater proportion of women not using opioids (all p-values < 0.0001), changes in non-menstrual pelvic pain (p = 0.0012), and dyspareunia (painful intercourse) (p = 0.0489). Relugolix combination therapy was generally well-tolerated with minimal bone mineral density loss over 24 weeks. The overall incidence of adverse events in the relugolix combination and placebo groups was similar (80.6% vs. 75.0%). In the relugolix combination therapy group, 5.3% of women discontinued treatment early due to adverse events versus 3.9% in the placebo group. The most frequently reported adverse events, reported in at least 10% of women in the relugolix combination group, were headache, nasopharyngitis, and hot flashes. There were three pregnancies in the relugolix combination group and five in the placebo group. Conference Call Myovant will hold a conference call today, Wednesday, April 22, 2020 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EDT / 5:30 a.m. PDT to discuss results of the clinical studies. The dial in numbers are 1-800-532-3746 for domestic callers and +1-470-495-9166 for international callers. A live webcast of the conference call will also be available on the investor relations page of Myovant s website at investors.myovant.com. After the live webcast, the event will remain archived on Myovant s website for at least 30 days. About the Phase 3 SPIRIT Program in Endometriosis Myovant s Phase 3 clinical program for endometriosis consists of two multinational, replicate pivotal clinical studies (SPIRIT 1 and SPIRIT 2) of relugolix combination therapy (relugolix 40 mg plus estradiol 1.0 mg and norethindrone acetate 0.5 mg) in women with pain associated with endometriosis. Women received treatment either with relugolix combination therapy for 24 weeks, relugolix 40 mg once daily monotherapy for 12 weeks followed by relugolix combination therapy once daily for an additional 12 weeks, or placebo once daily for 24 weeks. Eligible women who completed the SPIRIT 1 or SPIRIT 2 studies were offered the opportunity to enroll in an active treatment extension study in which all women receive relugolix combination therapy for an additional 80-week period, resulting in a total treatment period of up to 104 weeks, designed to evaluate the safety and sustained efficacy of longer-term treatment. About the Ovulation Inhibition Study The ovulation inhibition study was a Phase 1 open-label, single-arm study consisting of a pre-treatment period to confirm ovulatory status, an 84-day treatment period (three cycles) to assess the effects of relugolix combination therapy on ovulation inhibition, and a post-treatment follow-up period to determine the time to the return of ovulation. Ovulation inhibition was based on the Hoogland-Skouby scale. About Endometriosis Endometriosis is an estrogen-dependent, inflammatory disease in which tissue similar to the uterine lining is found outside the uterine cavity, commonly in the lower abdomen or pelvis, on ovaries, the bladder, and the colon. This endometrial-like tissue outside the uterus results in chronic inflammation and can cause scarring and adhesions. The symptoms associated with endometriosis include painful periods and chronic pelvic pain, painful ovulation, pain during or after sexual intercourse, heavy bleeding, fatigue, and infertility. Endometriosis can also impact general physical, mental, and social well-being. For endometriosis-associated pain, initial treatment options include hormonal contraceptives and over-the-counter pain medications. In more severe cases, GnRH agonists such as leuprolide acetate are used for short-term treatment. An estimated six million women in the U.S. suffer from symptoms of endometriosis, and an estimated one million women are inadequately treated by current medical therapy and require further treatment. Almost 200 million women are affected globally. About Relugolix Relugolix is a once-daily, oral gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptor antagonist that reduces ovarian estradiol production, a hormone known to stimulate the growth of uterine fibroids and endometriosis, and testicular testosterone production, a hormone known to stimulate the growth of prostate cancer. Myovant is developing a relugolix combination tablet (relugolix 40 mg, estradiol 1.0 mg, and norethindrone acetate 0.5 mg) for women with uterine fibroids and for women with endometriosis. Myovant is also developing a relugolix monotherapy tablet (120 mg once daily) for men with advanced prostate cancer. About Myovant Sciences Myovant Sciences aspires to be the leading healthcare company focused on redefining care for women s health and prostate cancer. The company s lead product candidate is relugolix, a once-daily, oral GnRH receptor antagonist. The company has three late-stage clinical programs for relugolix in uterine fibroids, endometriosis, and prostate cancer. The company is also developing MVT-602, an oligopeptide kisspeptin-1 receptor agonist, that has completed a Phase 2a study for the treatment of female infertility as part of assisted reproduction. Takeda Pharmaceuticals International AG, a subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, the originator of relugolix, previously granted the company a worldwide license to develop and commercialize relugolix (excluding Japan and certain other Asian countries) and an exclusive license to develop and commercialize MVT-602 in all countries worldwide. Sumitovant Biopharma, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd., is the majority shareholder of Myovant. For more information, please visit the company s website at www.myovant.com . Follow @Myovant on Twitter and LinkedIn . Forward-Looking Statements This press-release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all statements regarding Myovant Sciences intent, belief, or expectations regarding future events or results and can be identified by words such as anticipate, aspire, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, likely, may, might, objective, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, to be, will, would, or the negative or plural of these words or other similar expressions or variations, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. In this press release, forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements and quotes regarding Myovant Sciences aspirations to become the leading healthcare company focused on redefining care for women s health and prostate cancer; statements summarizing and characterizing data from the SPIRIT 2 and ovulation inhibition studies; the expected timing of results from the second Phase 3 study in endometriosis (SPIRIT 1); Myovant s vision of a one dose, one pill, once a day treatment that balances clinically meaningful symptom relief with a well-tolerated safety profile for women suffering from endometriosis and uterine fibroids; and the estimated market size for endometriosis and commercial potential for relugolix combination tablet for the treatment of women with endometriosis. Myovant Sciences forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors known and unknown that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Myovant Sciences cannot assure you that the events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could materially affect Myovant Sciences operations and future prospects or which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations include, but are not limited to the risks and uncertainties listed in Myovant Sciences filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including under the heading Risk Factors in Myovant Sciences Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 10, 2020, as such risk factors may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time. These risks are not exhaustive. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for Myovant Sciences management to predict all risk factors, nor can Myovant Sciences assess the impact of all factors on its business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this press release, which speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, Myovant Sciences undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. Investor Contact: Frank Karbe President, Chief Financial Officer Myovant Sciences, Inc. investors@myovant.com Media Contact: Albert Liao Director, Corporate Communications Myovant Sciences, Inc. media@myovant.com

AGS Announces Share Repurchase Program LAS VEGAS, Aug. 12, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- AGS (NYSE: AGS) (or the "Company") announced today that its board of directors has approved a share repurchase program that will permit the Company to repurchase up to $50.0 million of the Company's shares of common stock through August 11, 2021. The Company may consummate these repurchases pursuant to one or more trading plans to be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5 1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in privately negotiated transactions, in open market transactions, in transactions pursuant to Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or pursuant to an accelerated share repurchase program. The timing and amount of any repurchases will be in the sole discretion of the Company's management team, and will depend on legal requirements, market conditions, stock price, alternative uses of capital, and other factors. The Company is not obligated to repurchase any of its shares of common stock, and the stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. AGS President and Chief Executive Officer David Lopez said, "This share repurchase program demonstrates our board of directors' confidence in the continued strength and long-term growth prospects of AGS. We believe that the company's shares are significantly undervalued and that we can implement this program while maintaining ample liquidity to continue investing in R&D and capitalizing on numerous potential growth initiatives ahead of us." About AGS AGS is a global company focused on creating a diverse mix of entertaining gaming experiences for every kind of player. Our roots are firmly planted in the Class II Native American gaming market, but our customer-centric culture and growth have helped us branch out to become a leading all-inclusive commercial gaming supplier. Powered by high-performing Class II and Class III slot products, an expansive table products portfolio, real-money gaming platforms and content, highly rated social casino solutions for operators and players, and best-in-class service, we offer an unmatched value proposition for our casino partners. Learn more at www.playags.com. Forward-Looking and Cautionary LanguageThis press release contains, and oral statements made from time to time by our representatives may contain, forward-looking statements based on management's current expectations and projections, which are intended to qualify for the safe harbor of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements include statements identified by words such as "believe," "will," "may," "might," "likely," "expect," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "seeks," "estimates," "believes," "continues," "projects" and similar references to future periods, or by the inclusion of forecasts or projections. All forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and projections of future events. These forward-looking statements reflect the current views, models, and assumptions of AGS, and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that cannot be predicted or qualified and could cause actual results in AGS's performance to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the ability of AGS to maintain strategic alliances, unit placements or installations, grow revenue, garner new market share, secure new licenses in new jurisdictions, successfully develop or place proprietary product, comply with regulations, have its games approved by relevant jurisdictions and other factors set forth under "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in its annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2019. All forward-looking statements made herein are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results, events or developments referenced herein will occur or be realized. Readers are cautioned that all forward-looking statements speak only to the facts and circumstances present as of the date of this press release. AGS expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. AGS Media & Investor Contacts: Julia Boguslawski, Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President of Investor Relations[email protected] Steven Kopjo, Director of Investor Relations[email protected] 2019 PlayAGS, Inc. All notices signify marks registered in the United States. All and notices signify unregistered trademarks. Products referenced herein are sold by AGS LLC or other subsidiaries of PlayAGS, Inc. SOURCE AGS Related Links http://www.playags.com

Paratek Pharmaceuticals Announces Second Quarter 2020 Total Revenue of $9.3 Million including NUZYRA (omadacycline) Net Revenue of $8.1 Million Nasdaq:PRTK -- Paratek Raises Full Year 2020 Revenue Guidance; Total Revenue guidance expected to be Between $78 and $83 Million Driven by Strong NUZYRA Net Revenue -- Company Lowering 2020 R&D and SG&A Expense Guidance to approximately $135 million Driven by Continued Focus on Operational Efficiencies -- FDA Pre-EUA Review Remains Ongoing; NUZYRA Procurement by BARDA for the Strategic National Stockpile Anticipated by year-end 2020 -- Company Strengthens Long-term Cash Position through Amendment to Hercules Loan Agreement BOSTON, Aug. 10, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: PRTK), a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel life-saving therapies for life-threatening diseases or other public health threats for civilian, government and military use, today reported financial results and provided an update on corporate activities for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. Demand for NUZYRA was strong in the first half of 2020 with the momentum continuing into the third quarter, said Evan Loh, M.D., Chief Executive Officer. I am particularly pleased that these results were achieved despite a healthcare environment where the unprecedented global pandemic temporarily closed many healthcare practices and eliminated essentially all face to face access for our sales representatives. Our results reinforce our continued belief and confidence that NUZYRA is well-positioned to help address current and future unmet medical needs at a time when antibiotic resistance is a growing global threat. BARDA and Paratek continue to effectively execute on the anthrax development program and U.S. onshoring activities for NUZYRA, Dr. Loh continued. The FDA review of the pre-EUA application remains ongoing and BARDA continues to be fully committed to procuring NUZYRA for the Strategic National Stockpile once the FDA review process is completed. We appreciate BARDA s confidence in Paratek and their significant investment in this innovative, long-term public-private partnership for the development of NUZYRA in the fight against bioterrorism and antimicrobial resistance in order to save lives and protect Americans. Recent NUZYRA Commercial Highlights NUZYRA generated $8.1 million in net revenue in the second quarter of 2020, an 11% increase over the prior quarter and 378% increase over the second quarter of 2019. NUZYRA revenue growth continues to validate the Company s initial launch strategy with 90% of demand being generated from hospitals and adjacent sites of care. Other Highlights The initial NUZYRA procurement by Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) for the Strategic National Stockpile (SNS) valued at approximately $38 million is now anticipated to be secured by year end 2020. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) review of the pre-Emergency Use Authorization (pre-EUA) application, which was submitted in February, remains ongoing. The Company believes the review was delayed due to internal resourcing at FDA caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and other review priorities at FDA unrelated to NUZYRA. As part of the ongoing review, FDA has requested supplemental mouse pharmacokinetic data to support the human dose recommendation in case of an immediate anthrax outbreak. This work has been initiated and expected to be completed in 8 to 10 weeks. In July 2020, the supplemental NDA to support an oral-only dosing label for Community-Acquired Bacterial Pneumonia (CABP) was submitted to FDA with an approval expected during the 2020-2021 pneumonia season. In August 2020, Paratek modified its outstanding loan agreement with Hercules Capital. Under the terms of the agreement, Paratek repaid $10 million of the principal $70 million loan balance reducing the outstanding loan to $60 million. The interest-only period under the new loan agreement is now extended through December 2021, with further extension of the interest-only period of up to an additional 12 months, contingent on Paratek achieving certain performance-based milestones. Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Paratek reported a net loss of $23.1 million, or ($0.53) per share, for the second quarter of 2020, compared to a net loss of $33.2 million, or ($1.02) per share, for the same period in 2019. Total revenue was $9.3 million for the second quarter of 2020, an increase of 18% versus the prior quarter and 356% versus the same quarter in the prior year. U.S. NUZYRA net revenue of $8.1 million for the second quarter of 2020 grew 11% versus the prior quarter and 378% versus the same quarter in the prior year. Government contract service and grant revenue was $0.9 million for the second quarter of 2020 versus $0.3 million in the prior quarter. No revenue was generated from the BARDA contract in 2019. Second quarter 2020 collaboration and royalty revenue was $0.3 million, which is consistent with both the prior quarter and the same quarter in prior year. Research and development (R&D) expenses were $4.6 million for the second quarter of 2020, compared to $10.7 million for the second quarter of 2019. The $6.1 million decrease is primarily the result of lower personnel-related costs, lower clinical study costs associated with our Phase 2 UTI program and other operational efficiencies. Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses were $21.0 million for the second quarter of 2020, compared to $20.9 million for the second quarter of 2019. As of June 30, 2020, Paratek had $186.8 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Financial Guidance Paratek is raising its full year 2020 revenue guidance primarily based on the stronger than anticipated U.S. NUZYRA net product revenue modestly offset by lower than anticipated royalty revenue from SEYSARA. Paratek now estimates 2020 total revenue to be between $78 and $83 million, an increase from our prior guidance of $75 and $80 million. The Company now anticipates the initial BARDA procurement of 2,500 anthrax treatment courses valued at approximately $38 million to occur by the end of 2020 contingent on the completion of the pre-EUA application review by FDA. 2020 R&D and SG&A expense is now expected to be approximately $135 million compared to the prior guidance of $140 million, driven by an increased focus on operational efficiencies and other favorability driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. Excluding the BARDA R&D and onshoring cost reimbursement, R&D and SG&A expense is expected to be modestly lower when compared to 2019. Based upon our current operating plan, which includes estimated NUZYRA U.S. product revenue and cost reimbursement under the BARDA contract, we anticipate that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $186.8 million, as of June 30, 2020, provide for a cash runway through the end of 2023 with a pathway to cash flow break even. This anticipated pathway assumes the Company will be able to fund all company operating expenses, anticipated capital expenditures, and debt service, including repayment in full of the Hercules Loan and Security Agreement. Company performance and unanticipated events could cause actual results to vary from this forward-looking guidance. Call and Webcast Paratek s earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 will be broadcast at 8:30 a.m. EDT on August 10, 2020. The live webcast can be accessed under "Events and Presentations" in the Investor Relations section of Paratek s website at www.ParatekPharma.com . Domestic investors wishing to participate in the call should dial: 888-256-1007 and international investors should dial: 323-994-2093. The conference ID is 8856661. Investors can also access the call at http://public.viavid.com/index.php?id=141013 . Website Information Paratek routinely posts important information for investors on the Investor Relations section of its website at www.ParatekPharma.com . Paratek intends to use this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations section of Paratek s website, in addition to following its press releases, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, Paratek s website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this document. About Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel life-saving therapies for life-threatening diseases or other public health threats for civilian, government and military use. The Company s lead commercial product, NUZYRA (omadacycline), is a once-daily oral and intravenous antibiotic available in the U.S. for the treatment of adults with community-acquired bacterial pneumonia and acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections. Paratek has a collaboration agreement with Zai Lab for the development and commercialization of omadacycline in the greater China region and retains all remaining global rights. Paratek exclusively licensed U.S. rights and rights to the greater China territory for SEYSARA (sarecycline), a once-daily oral therapy for the treatment of moderate to severe acne vulgaris, to Almirall, LLC (Almirall). Paratek retains the development and commercialization rights for sarecycline in the rest of the world. In 2019, Paratek was awarded a contract from BARDA to support the development of NUZYRA for the treatment of pulmonary anthrax. For more information, visit www.ParatekPharma.com or follow @ParatekPharma on Twitter. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements including statements related to our overall strategy, products, prospects, potential and expected results, including statements about the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our revenue projections, supply chain and clinical trials, projected awareness, payor coverage, net product revenues, total revenues including assumptions related to our financial guidance, the financial impact of our BARDA contract including the status of the FDA review of the pre-EUA application, the status of our supplemental mouse pharmacokinetic data to support the human dose recommendation, the timing and exercise of BARDA s procurement of NUZYRA for the SNS, BARDA exercising full contract line items, including for U.S. onshoring and PMR reimbursement, our anticipated cash runway, our operating expenses, our SEYSARA royalties and SEYSARA -backed loan funded on May 1, 2019, the strategy, execution and progression of our commercial launch of NUZYRA, our ability to shape the future treatment paradigm for community-acquired pneumonia and serious skin infections, our plans to evaluate additional indications for NUZYRA, including NTM, and to work toward an oral-only indication in CABP, future governmental stockpiling opportunities, and our potential to further drive long-term value for all of our shareholders. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release are forward-looking statements, and are identified by words such as "advancing," "expect," "look forward," "anticipate," "continue," and other words and terms of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. We may not actually achieve the plans, carry out the intentions or meet the expectations or projections disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those included in such forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties. These and other risk factors are discussed under "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein. PARATEK PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) (in thousands) June 30, 2020 December 31, 2019 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 186,818 $ 215,379 Total assets 227,126 251,079 Working capital 188,278 219,154 Total current liabilities 33,925 24,200 Long-term debt, less current portion 251,586 260,728 Common stock and additional paid-in capital 698,222 671,537 Accumulated deficit (761,934 ) (711,258 ) Total stockholders deficit (63,458 ) (39,647 ) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) (in thousands, except loss per share data) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended June 30, June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Product revenue, net $ 8,133 $ 1,702 $ 15,436 $ 3,049 Government contract service revenue 439 775 Government contract grant revenue 437 437 Collaboration and royalty revenue 317 343 597 594 Net revenue $ 9,326 $ 2,045 $ 17,245 $ 3,643 Expenses: Cost of product revenue 2,236 567 3,707 773 Research and development 4,561 10,679 10,949 22,071 Selling, general and administrative 20,975 20,920 44,613 44,238 Total operating expenses 27,772 32,166 59,269 67,082 Loss from operations (18,446 ) (30,121 ) (42,024 ) (63,439 ) Other income and expenses: Interest income 363 935 1,067 1,881 Interest expense (4,971 ) (3,991 ) (9,797 ) (7,217 ) Other gains (losses), net (5 ) (24 ) 78 (36 ) Net loss $ (23,059 ) $ (33,201 ) $ (50,676 ) $ (68,811 ) Other comprehensive loss Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax (217 ) 144 180 344 Comprehensive loss $ (23,276 ) $ (33,057 ) $ (50,496 ) $ (68,467 ) Basic and diluted net loss per common share $ (0.53 ) $ (1.02 ) $ (1.19 ) $ (2.12 ) Weighted average common stock outstanding Basic and diluted 43,629,836 32,446,202 42,635,520 32,390,691

Morningstar Acquires Cuffelinks and Expands Investment Commentary SYDNEY, Oct. 17, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Morningstar Australasia Pty Limited, an Australian subsidiary of Morningstar, Inc. (Nasdaq: MORN), a leading provider of independent investment research, has acquired Cuffelinks, an independent, privately-owned publisher of investment commentary. Terms were not disclosed. As part of the acquisition, Graham Hand and Leisa Bell will join Morningstar. Cuffelinks (now branded as Firstlinks) was co-founded and, prior to the acquisition, solely owned by Hand, a leading market commentator in Australia with a broad network of industry contacts cultivated over his 42-year career in the finance industry. In the seven years Cuffelinks has been in existence, Hand has built an engaged audience of investors, advisors and industry professionals by providing insightful content from leading voices across the local investment industry. "This acquisition is an exciting opportunity to deepen and broaden our investment commentary and enable better investment outcomes," said Jamie Wickham, managing director, Morningstar Australasia. "We are very excited to have Graham and Leisa join the Morningstar team." "We have always focused on quality education for investors. Morningstar is a great home for Cuffelinks given its integrity and commitment to independent research from an investor's point of view," said Hand. Cuffelinks Co-Founder Chris Cuffe said, "I welcome Morningstar's acquisition to give Cuffelinks greater sustainability and offer even more services to its audience." Cuffelinks will continue to be published on the existing Firstlinks website with longer-term plans to integrate the content with www.morningstar.com.au. About Morningstar Australasia Pty Limited Morningstar Australasia is a subsidiary of Morningstar, Inc., a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. The company offers an extensive line of products and services for individual investors, financial advisors, asset managers, retirement plan providers and sponsors, and institutional investors in the private capital markets. Morningstar provides data and research insights on a wide range of investment offerings, including managed investment products, publicly listed companies, private capital markets, and real-time global market data. Morningstar also offers investment management services through its investment advisory subsidiaries, with about $220 billion in assets under advisement and management as of June 30, 2019. The company has operations in 27 countries. For more information, visit www.morningstar.com/company. Follow Morningstar on Twitter @MorningstarInc. 2019 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. MORN-C Media Contact: Sonya Mears, +61 437 386 861 or [email protected] SOURCE Morningstar, Inc. Related Links http://www.morningstar.com

Plexus Announces $50 Million Share Repurchase Program NEENAH, Wis., Aug. 13, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Plexus (NASDAQ: PLXS) announced today that its Board of Directors has approved a new share repurchase program under which the Company is authorized to buy back up to $50 million of its common stock beginning upon expiration of the Company s previous program. This most recent authorization is expected to extend through fiscal 2021. Patrick Jermain, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, commented, We remain committed to maximizing shareholder returns and are pleased to announce the authorization of this program. Coupled with our disciplined focus on delivering superior financial results, we believe that repurchasing Plexus stock, while considering market conditions, is an attractive use of our capital resources and provides an opportunity to enhance shareholder value. The authorized amount represents approximately 2% of current market capitalization. Plexus does not have a specific schedule or commitment for the repurchase of the shares; however, subject to market factors, it expects to complete the authorization on a relatively consistent basis through fiscal 2021. Investor and Media Contact Heather Beresford +1.920.751.3612 heather.beresford@plexus.com About Plexus Corp. The Product Realization Company Since 1979, Plexus has been partnering with companies to create the products that build a better world. We are a team of over 19,000 individuals who are dedicated to providing global Design and Development, Supply Chain Solutions, New Product Introduction, Manufacturing, and Aftermarket Services. Plexus is a global leader that specializes in serving customers in industries with highly complex products and demanding regulatory environments. Plexus delivers customer service excellence to leading global companies by providing innovative, comprehensive solutions throughout the product s lifecycle. For more information about Plexus, visit our website at www.plexus.com.

TriMas Announces Increased Share Repurchase Authorization to $250 Million BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TriMas (NASDAQ: TRS) today announced that its Board of Directors increased the Company s common stock share repurchase authorization to $250 million, adding $100 million to the previous share repurchase authorization approved in November 2019. During the past year, we successfully completed a strategic repositioning of our business portfolio into the more attractive packaging and aerospace end markets, and through a divestiture, reduced our exposure to the oil and gas end markets to less than 5% of our sales, said Thomas Amato, TriMas President and Chief Executive Officer. In addition to our priority of investing in projects to grow our businesses through innovation and strategic bolt-on packaging and aerospace acquisitions, our capital allocation priorities continue to include returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases. We appreciate the support of our Board and our investors as we execute our long-term strategies. As of February 27, 2020, the Company had approximately $92 million remaining under its existing share repurchase authorization. The now upsized $250 million of share repurchase authorization includes the value of shares already repurchased under the previous authorization. The extent to which TriMas repurchases its shares, and the timing of such repurchases, will depend upon a variety of factors, including market conditions, share price, regulatory requirements, other available uses of capital and other corporate considerations. The program does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares and may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Any "forward-looking" statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, contained herein, including those relating to the TriMas business, financial condition or future results, involve risks and uncertainties with respect to, including, but not limited to: general economic and currency conditions; material and energy costs; risks and uncertainties associated with intangible assets, including goodwill or other intangible asset impairment charges; competitive factors; future trends; the Company s ability to realize its business strategies; the Company s ability to identify attractive acquisition candidates, successfully integrate acquired operations or realize the intended benefits of such acquisitions; information technology and other cyber-related risks; the performance of subcontractors and suppliers; supply constraints; market demand; intellectual property factors; litigation; government and regulatory actions, including, but not limited to, the impact of tariffs, quotas and surcharges; the Company s leverage; liabilities imposed by debt instruments; labor disputes; changes to fiscal and tax policies; contingent liabilities relating to acquisition activities; the disruption of operations from catastrophic or extraordinary events, including natural disasters and public health crises; the potential impact of Brexit; tax considerations relating to the Cequent spin-off; the Company s future prospects; and other risks that are detailed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. These risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements made herein are based on information currently available, and the Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. About TriMas TriMas is a global manufacturer and provider of products for customers primarily in the consumer products, aerospace and industrial end markets, with approximately 3,500 dedicated employees in 11 countries. We provide customers with a wide range of innovative and quality product solutions through our market-leading businesses. Our TriMas family of businesses has strong brand names in the end markets served, and operates under a common set of values and strategic priorities under the TriMas Business Model. TriMas is publicly traded on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol TRS, and is headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan. For more information, please visit www.trimascorp.com.

Pembina Pipeline Corporation Announces Lump Sum Contract for Petrochemical Facility All financial figures are approximate and in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted. This news release refers to adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted EBITDA"), which is a financial measure that is not defined by Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"). For more information see "Non-GAAP Measures" herein. CALGARY, Jan. 7, 2020 /PRNewswire/ - Pembina Pipeline Corporation ("Pembina" or the "Company") (TSX: PPL;NYSE: PBA) along with Petrochemical Industries Company K.S.C. ("PIC") of Kuwait, is pleased to announce that Canada Kuwait Petrochemical Corporation ("CKPC") has executed a lump sum engineering, procurement and construction ("EPC") contract related to the construction of the propane dehydrogenation ("PDH") facility within its integrated PDH and polypropylene ("PP") upgrading facility ("PDH/PP Facility"). With this contract, CKPC has fixed approximately 60 percent of the cost of the PDH/PP Facility thus far. In conjunction with execution of the lump sum contract, the Company also announces an update to its share of the capital cost for the PDH/PP Facility and project timing. Following execution of the lump sum EPC contract and with cost certainty for approximately 60 percent of the project cost, Pembina has revised its proportionate share of the capital cost of the PDH/PP Facility, including the 100 percent directly-owned supporting facilities, to $2.7 billion. The increase over the prior estimate is associated with the PDH facility, which is now fixed under the lump sum EPC contract. The revised capital cost estimate will not affect Pembina's previously announced 2020 capital budget. CKPC now expects the PDH/PP Facility to be placed into commercial service in the second half of 2023. "When faced with the proposition of trading returns for risk, Pembina has consistently chosen certainty and downside protection, particularly in new platforms or new businesses. Our relentless pursuit of a lump sum contract for the PDH facility reflects our disciplined and prudent approach to capital allocation," said Mick Dilger, Pembina's President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Dilger added, "This project is highly strategic for Pembina and our producer customers in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. It offers a new demand source for domestically produced propane and supports ongoing development of Canada's world-class hydrocarbon resources." CKPC has selected Heartland Canada Partners, a 50/50 partnership between Fluor Canada Ltd. ("Fluor") and Kiewit Construction Services ULC ("Kiewit") as the EPC contractor for the PDH facility. Both companies bring extensive EPC track records for safety, quality and delivery in the petrochemical space in Canada. The contractor selection process for the PP facility is ongoing. Since initially announcing its intention to pursue the PDH/PP Facility, Pembina has been steadfast in its approach to de-risking the project, including: obtaining a 50 percent partner that is a world leader in petrochemicals; lump sum EPC contracting to mitigate capital cost risk; and securing at least 50 percent of its adjusted EBITDA from the project under fee-based arrangements. To date, Pembina has secured more than 40 percent of its adjusted EBITDA under fee-based arrangements and is in ongoing discussions with potential customers to increase the percentage above 50 percent. About Pembina Calgary-based Pembina Pipeline Corporation is a leading transportation and midstream service provider that has been serving North America's energy industry for 65 years. Pembina owns an integrated system of pipelines that transport various hydrocarbon liquids and natural gas products produced primarily in western Canada. The Company also owns gas gathering and processing facilities; an oil and natural gas liquids infrastructure and logistics business; is growing an export terminals business; and is currently constructing a petrochemical facility to convert propane into polypropylene. Pembina's integrated assets and commercial operations along the majority of the hydrocarbon value chain allow it to offer a full spectrum of midstream and marketing services to the energy sector. Pembina is committed to identifying additional opportunities to connect hydrocarbon production to new demand locations through the development of infrastructure that would extend Pembina's service offering even further along the hydrocarbon value chain. These new developments will contribute to ensuring that hydrocarbons produced in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and the other basins where Pembina operates can reach the highest value markets throughout the world. Purpose of Pembina: To be the leader in delivering integrated infrastructure solutions connecting global markets; Customers choose us first for reliable and value-added services; Investors receive sustainable industry-leading total returns; Employees say we are the 'employer of choice' and value our safe, respectful, collaborative and fair work culture; and Communities welcome us and recognize the net positive impact of our social and environmental commitment. Pembina is structured into three Divisions: Pipelines Division, Facilities Division and Marketing & New Ventures Division. Pembina's common shares trade on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges under PPL and PBA, respectively. For more information, visit www.pembina.com. Forward-Looking Information and Statements This news release contains certain forward-looking information and statements (collectively, "forward-looking statements") including forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of applicable securities legislation, that are based on Pembina's current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends. In this news release, such forward-looking information and statements can be identified by terminology such as "plans", "will", "would", "could", "expects", "continue", "anticipate", "potential", "may", and similar expressions. In particular, this news release contains forward-looking statements pertaining to, without limitation, the following: planning, construction, capital expenditure estimates, schedules, in-service dates, contractual and fee arrangements with respect to Pembina's and its affiliates' infrastructure expansions; expectations around continuing producer activity and development and growth of product supply; the ongoing utilization and expansions of and additions to Pembina's business and asset base, growth and growth potential; expectations regarding future demand for transportation and processing services; Pembina's and its affiliates' corporate strategy; anticipated portion of future adjusted EBITDA from fee-based arrangements; ongoing negotiations and discussions with customers for additional services; and expectations regarding synergies, operational efficiencies, and integration of growth and development projects with Pembina's existing business and asset base; Pembina's corporate strategy expectations about future growth opportunities and demand for our service; and expectations regarding new corporate developments and impact on access to markets. These forward-looking statements are being made by Pembina based on certain assumptions that Pembina has made in respect thereof as at the date of this news release, regarding, among other things: the ability of Pembina to successfully negotiate and complete final commercial agreements; that counterparties to material agreements will continue to perform in a timely manner; that Pembina's joint venture partners will continue to provide support for joint venture projects; the ability of Pembina and any required third parties to effectively engage with stakeholders; oil and gas industry exploration and development activity levels; the success of Pembina's operations and growth projects; prevailing commodity prices, margins, volumes and exchange rates; that Pembina's future results of operations will be consistent with past performance and management expectations in relation thereto; the continued availability of capital at attractive prices to fund future capital requirements relating to existing assets and projects, including but not limited to future capital expenditures relating to expansion, upgrades and maintenance shutdowns; that any third party projects relating to Pembina's growth projects will be sanctioned and completed as expected; that any required commercial agreements can be reached; that all required regulatory and environmental approvals can be obtained on the necessary terms in a timely manner; that there are no unforeseen events preventing the performance of contracts; that there are no unforeseen material construction, integrity or other costs related to current growth projects or current operations; and prevailing interest and tax rates. Although Pembina believes the expectations and material factors and assumptions reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date hereof, there can be no assurance that these expectations, factors and assumptions will prove to be correct. Readers are cautioned that events or circumstances could cause results to differ materially from those predicted, forecasted or projected. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties that contribute to the possibility that the predictions, forecasts, projections and other forward-looking statements will not occur, which may cause actual performance and financial results in future periods to differ materially from any projections of future performance or results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and information. These known and unknown risks and uncertainties, include, but are not limited to: the regulatory environment and decisions; the ability of Pembina or its joint venture partners or customers to raise sufficient capital (or to raise sufficient capital on favourable terms) to fund future expansions and growth projects and satisfy future commitments; failure to negotiate and conclude any required commercial agreements or failure to obtain project sanctioning; increased construction costs, or construction delays, on Pembina's expansion and growth projects; labour and material shortages; non-performance of agreements in accordance with their terms; the impact of competitive entities and pricing; reliance on key industry partners, alliances and agreements; the strength and operations of the oil and natural gas production industry and related commodity prices; the continuation or completion of third-party projects; actions by governmental or regulatory authorities including changes in tax laws and treatment, changes in royalty rates or increased environmental regulation; adverse general economic and market conditions in Canada, North America and elsewhere; construction delays; labour and material shortages; and certain other risks detailed from time to time in Pembina's public disclosure documents including, among other things, those detailed under the heading "Risk Factors" in Pembina's management's discussion and analysis and annual information form for the year ended December 31, 2018, which can be found at www.sedar.com. The forward-looking statements are expressly qualified by the above statements and speak only as of the date of this document. Pembina does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or information contained herein, except as required by applicable laws. The forward-looking statements contained in this document are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. Non-GAAP Measures In this news release, Pembina has used the term adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (adjusted EBITDA), which is a non-GAAP measure. Management believes that adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors as it is an important indicator of Pembina's ability to generate liquidity through cash flow from operating activities and is also used by investors and analysts for assessing financial performance and for the purpose of valuing the Company, including calculating financial and leverage ratios. Adjusted EBITDA does not have any standardized meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") and should not, therefore, be considered in isolation or used in substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with IFRS. These Non-GAAP measures are calculated and disclosed on a consistent basis from period to period. Specific adjusting items may only be relevant in certain periods. For additional information regarding non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations to measures recognized by GAAP, please refer to Pembina's financial reports, which are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and at www.pembina.com. SOURCE Pembina Pipeline Corporation Related Links http://www.pembina.com

Kansas City Southern Announces $550 Million Accelerated Share Repurchase Program KANSAS CITY, Mo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Kansas City Southern ( KCS ) (NYSE: KSU) announced it has entered into accelerated share repurchase transactions (the ASR Transactions ) with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC ( Dealers ) for an aggregate amount of $550 million today. The ASR Transactions were entered into as part of KCS s new $2.0 billion share repurchase program announced on November 12, 2019. The ASR Transactions are contingent upon the successful closing on or before November 22, 2019, of KCS s offering of senior notes launched earlier today (the senior notes offering ) which targets proceeds of $850 million. In addition to making payments under the ASR Transactions, net proceeds from the senior notes offering will be used to redeem all, or a portion of, KCS s and Kansas City Southern de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. s ( KCSM ) 2.35% senior notes due 2020 and for general corporate purposes. On the next business day following the effective date of the ASR transactions (concurrent with the expected closing of the senior notes offering), KCS will pay an aggregate amount of $550 million to the Dealers in exchange for the delivery to KCS of approximately 3 million of its shares based on the current market price. The total number of shares ultimately repurchased under the ASR Transactions will be determined upon final settlement and will be based on the volume-weighted average price of KCS s shares during the applicable valuation period, less a discount. The ASR Transactions are expected to be settled in the first quarter of 2020, subject to market and other conditions. The ASR Transactions we are announcing today, along with our senior notes offering, represent our first steps in executing the new capital allocation policy we announced earlier this week, commented CEO and President Patrick Ottensmeyer. These transactions demonstrate our plan to prudently and selectively deploy debt in addition to our strong free cash flow to invest in growth opportunities and to return meaningful capital to our shareholders while keeping our balance sheet and credit profile strong. Headquartered in Kansas City, Mo., Kansas City Southern (KCS) (NYSE: KSU) is a transportation holding company that has railroad investments in the U.S., Mexico and Panama. Its primary U.S. holding is The Kansas City Southern Railway Company, serving the central and south central U.S. Its international holdings include Kansas City Southern de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., serving northeastern and central Mexico and the port cities of L zaro C rdenas, Tampico and Veracruz, and a 50 percent interest in Panama Canal Railway Company, providing ocean-to-ocean freight and passenger service along the Panama Canal. KCS' North American rail holdings and strategic alliances with other North American rail partners are primary components of a unique railway system, linking the commercial and industrial centers of the U.S., Mexico and Canada. This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws concerning potential future events involving KCS and its subsidiaries, which could materially differ from the events that actually occur. Words such as projects, estimates, forecasts, believes, intends, expects, anticipates, and similar expressions are intended to identify many of these forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to management and management s perception thereof as of the date hereof. Differences that actually occur could be caused by a number of external factors over which management has little or no control, including: competition and consolidation within the transportation industry; the business environment in industries that produce and use items shipped by rail; loss of the rail concession of KCS subsidiary, Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V.; the termination of, or failure to renew, agreements with customers, other railroads and third parties; access to capital; disruptions to KCS technology infrastructure, including its computer systems; natural events such as severe weather, hurricanes and floods; climate change and the market and regulatory responses to climate change; legislative and regulatory developments and disputes; rail accidents or other incidents or accidents on KCS rail network or at KCS facilities or customer facilities involving the release of hazardous materials, including toxic inhalation hazards; fluctuation in prices or availability of key materials, in particular diesel fuel; dependency on certain key suppliers of core rail equipment; changes in securities and capital markets; unavailability of qualified personnel; labor difficulties, including strikes and work stoppages; acts of terrorism or risk of terrorist activities; war or risk of war; domestic and international economic, political and social conditions; the level of trade between the United States and Asia or Mexico; fluctuations in the peso-dollar exchange rate; increased demand and traffic congestion; the outcome of claims and litigation involving KCS or its subsidiaries; and other factors affecting the operation of the business. More detailed information about factors that could affect future events may be found in filings by KCS with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including KCS Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 1-4717) and subsequent reports. Forward-looking statements are not, and should not be relied upon as, a guarantee of future performance or results, nor will they necessarily prove to be accurate indications of the times at or by which any such performance or results will be achieved. As a result, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. KCS is not obligated to update any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. KCS has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the senior notes offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents KCS has filed with the SEC for more complete information about KCS and the senior notes offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the representatives of the underwriters can arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling BofA Securities, Inc. at 1-800-294-1322, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 1-212-834-4533 or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC at 1-866-718-1649.

Orexo Interim Report Q2 2020 UPPSALA, Sweden, July 16, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Investing in diversification to drive future growth Q2 2020 highlights Total net revenues of SEK 179.1 m (201.2) EBITDA of SEK -9.0 m (60.4), positive EBITDA of SEK 26.5 m (60.4) excluding accelerated DTx US launch Net earnings of SEK -32.5 m (54.6), positive net earnings SEK 3.0 m (54.6) excluding accelerated DTx US launch US Pharma (ZUBSOLV US) net revenues of SEK 172.5 m (184.4), EBIT of SEK 88.8 m (83.8) DTx EBIT of SEK -35.5 m (-) Cash flow from operating activities of SEK -7.2 m (46.1), a cash balance of SEK 677.2 m (697.0) Completed the program to repurchase 500,000 of the company's ordinary shares James Noble elected Chairman of the Board and Charlotte Hansson elected as Board member at the Annual General Meeting. They replace Martin Nicklasson and Kristina Schauman who have declined re-election. Global IP protection granted for the novel intranasal drug delivery platform until 2039 Acquired exclusive US rights from GAIA to commercialize deprexis , a world-leading digital therapy to help patients manage the symptoms of depression Positive results from human PK-study for OX125 assessing the novel intranasal nalmefene formulations for opioid overdose reversal Important events after the end of the period US launch of the scientifically proven digital therapies deprexis July 1 and forthcoming launch of vorvida July 20 Updated financial outlook 2020 as OPEX expects to reach a level of SEK 750-800 m for FY 2020 due to establishment of DTx business and accelerated US launch of digital therapies Orexo US received subpoenas on July 14 to provide US authorities with certain information with regards to ZUBSOLV and other buprenorphine products. Orexo has no knowledge of the background to the requests (for more information see note 8). SEK m, unless otherwise stated 2020 Apr-Jun 2019 Apr-Jun 2020 Jan-Jun 2019 Jan-Jun 2019 Jan-Dec 2019-2020 Apr-Jun Net revenues 179.1 201.2 354.2 375.5 844.8 -11% Cost of goods sold -19.9 -31.3 -39.9 -56.6 -105.6 -36% Operating expenses -172.5 -117.1 -293.6 -265.1 -508.0 47% EBIT -13.3 52.8 20.7 53.8 231.2 -125% EBIT margin, % -7,4 26.2 5.8 14.3 27.4 -33.7 ppt EBITDA -9.0 60.4 30.1 72.3 272.1 -115% Earnings per share, before dilution, SEK -0.94 1.54 1.44 1.93 6.33 -161% Earnings per share, after dilution, SEK -0.94 1.51 1.44 1.90 6.20 -162% Cash flow from operating activities -7.2 46.1 40.9 97.1 287.0 -116% Cash and cash equivalents 677.2 697.0 677.2 697.0 816.8 -3% Accelerated US launch of digital therapies as a response to Covid-19 This quarter will forever be associated with a pandemic causing countries across the world to lockdown societies and impose restrictions which would have been unimaginable just a few months ago. The key priorities for 2020 have proceeded according to plan and to respond to the pressing need for clinically validated digital therapies we accelerated the launch of our digital therapies. Disciplined investment sets stage for future growth Since 2015 we have continuously strengthened the company's financial position to ensure we have sufficient resources to invest for future growth. Entering the digital therapeutics space, which is set to become an integral part of the global healthcare landscape, was an important strategic decision to ensure the longer-term growth of the business. The Covid-19 pandemic, subsequent social distancing and wider economic impact, has accelerated Orexo's launch plans for its digital offering, designed to address the surge in associated mental health issues, such as depression and substance misuse, many of which have resulted in an increased number of deaths caused by overdoses. The launch of our three new digital therapies during the next six months will require significant investment, the benefits of which will be seen longer-term, in line with increased adoption of digital therapeutics. As a result, Orexo has increased OPEX guidance to SEK 750-800 million in 2020 to finance the commercial launch and associated costs of establishing the company's new DTx venture. We estimate combined sales potential of our three digital products of USD 420-650 million five years post launch. Notwithstanding the investment required, Orexo is confident that digital health presents a compelling commercial opportunity, one in which Orexo is well placed to become a leading player in the key US market, and where sales of digital therapeutics are expected to vastly exceed existing revenues from ZUBSOLV . While we remain confident about the commercial potential of our DTx offering, we also realize the market for digital therapies is in its infancy. As such the company will maintain a flexible business model, adapting as required to ensure the new digital treat-ments are adopted and used optimally by patients. The move into the digital therapeutics market will benefit from our existing US infrastructure for our profitable pharmaceutical business, in addition to significant commercial synergies from the commercialization of ZUBSOLV . ZUBSOLV resilience during Covid-19 We responded swiftly to the lock-down imposed in several states in the US and the entire field force has worked from home since mid March. We are pleased to report limited impact due to remote working but saw a slight loss of market share and volume in this period due to the continued decline in demand from United Health Group (UHG), following their decision to reimburse generics in July last year. The wider market for ZUBSOLV showed an accelerated growth and ZUBSOLV continued to grow in the "open business" segment year over year, but showed a minimal decline from last quarter of one percent. From July 1 the "open business" is expected to increase as ZUBSOLV will be reimbursed by Medicaid Louisiana and we are confident the "open business" part of the market will grow when the payers finalize their formularies of reimbursed products for 2021. With the field force slowly returning to pre-Covid-19 working practices, improved market access and the decline in demand from UHG diminishing, we expect ZUBSOLV to return to growth in the second half of the year. We see an increased uncertainty in the market and for ZUBSOLV the development of the commercial segment is important and here increased unemployment due to Covid-19 might continue to have negative impact on growth in this segment which will impact our opportunity to grow ZUBSOLV . I am pleased to see our US Pharma business continue to show strong profitability with the EBIT margin reaching 52 percent and a total EBIT contribution of SEK 89 m. The continued strong cash flow contribution from ZUBSOLV is critical to ensure a strong financial base and continued investment in the business to drive future growth. Positive results from OX125 study demonstrates value of proprietary nasal drug delivery platform We continued to see pipeline progress, most recently with the announcement of positive results from the human pharmacokinetic (PK) study of OX125. Preliminary results indicate extensive and rapid absorption across all three OX125 formulations as well as good tolerability, supporting the viability of OX125 as a rescue medication for opioid overdose. The results again underline the applicability of Orexo's novel nasal delivery platform and I am pleased to report the first patent has been granted for this platform, strengthening our IP position and extending patent protection until 2039. Investment in the pipeline increased as anticipated, as we progressed establishing a commercial supply chain for OX124, our rescue medication for opioid overdose, and the clinical study of OX125. Summary and Outlook The global crisis presented by Covid-19 has forced many businesses to significantly change the way they operate. At Orexo we have adapted our business model with agility, embracing the "new normal". With a foundation in our profitable pharmaceutical business, Orexo has been able to invest and act on opportunities where we are uniquely positioned to help millions of people suffering from mental illness, whether caused by depression, problematic alcohol misuse or opioid dependence. With our pipeline progressing and the launch our DTx offering I am very excited about our future journey. Presentation At 3.00 pm CET, the same day as the announcement of the report, Orexo invites analysts, investors and media to attend an audiocast with a web presentation where Nikolaj S rensen, CEO, and Joseph DeFeo, CFO, will present the report. After the presentation a Q&A will be held. Questions can also be sent in advance to [email protected], no later than 11.00 am CET. Please view the instructions below on how to participate. Internet: https://tv.streamfabriken.com/orexo-q2-2020 Telephone: SE +46-8-56-64-27-06; UK +44-33-33-00-90-32; US + 1-83-35-26-83-47 The presentation material will be available on Orexo's website prior to the audiocast. This information is information that Orexo AB (publ.) is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, at 8.00 am CET on July 16, 2020. For further information, please contact :Nikolaj S rensen, President and CEO, Joseph DeFeo, EVP and CFO, or Lena Wange, IR & Communications Director Tel: +46-18-780-88-00, +1-855-982-7658Email: [email protected] This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com https://news.cision.com/orexo/r/orexo-interim-report-q2-2020,c3155050 The following files are available for download: https://mb.cision.com/Main/694/3155050/1279889.pdf Orexo Interim Report Q2 2020 SOURCE Orexo

Great Lakes Announces Share Repurchase Program OAK BROOK, Ill., Aug. 04, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation ( Great Lakes or the Company ) (NASDAQ:GLDD), the largest provider of dredging services in the United States announced that the Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which the Company may repurchase up to $75 million of its common stock. Lasse Petterson, Chief Executive Officer and President commented, This repurchase program demonstrates the Board's confidence in our future and our commitment to delivering value to all of our shareholders. Our strong cash flow and balance sheet enable us to repurchase our stock, while maintaining ample liquidity to have the flexibility to support our growth. Share repurchases may be made from time to time at prevailing prices in the open market, including pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, by block repurchases, in private transactions or otherwise. The Company may put in place a plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, to facilitate market repurchases. A plan under Rule 10b5-1 allows a company to repurchase shares at times when it might otherwise be prevented from doing so by securities laws or because of self-imposed trading blackout periods. There can be no assurance of how many shares will be repurchased, and the repurchase program and/or Rule 10b5-1 plan may be suspended for periods or discontinued at any time. Share repurchases will be funded with cash on hand. The Company Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation ( Great Lakes or the Company ) is the largest provider of dredging services in the United States. In addition, the Company has a long history of performing significant international projects. The Company employs experienced civil, ocean and mechanical engineering staff in its estimating, production and project management functions. In its over 130-year history, the Company has never failed to complete a marine project. Great Lakes owns and operates the largest and most diverse fleet in the U.S. dredging industry, comprised of over 200 specialized vessels. Great Lakes has a disciplined training program for engineers that ensures experienced-based performance as they advance through Company operations. The Company s Incident-and Injury-Free (IIF ) safety management program is integrated into all aspects of the Company s culture. The Company s commitment to the IIF culture promotes a work environment where employee safety is paramount. For further information contact: Tina Baginskis Director, Investor Relations 630-574-3024

Diana Shipping Inc. Announces Time Charter Contract for m ATHENS, Greece, June 15, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Diana Shipping Inc. (NYSE: DSX), (the Company ), a global shipping company specializing in the ownership of dry bulk vessels, today announced that, through a separate wholly-owned subsidiary, it has entered into a time charter contract with Ausca Shipping Limited, Hong Kong, for one of its Panamax dry bulk vessels, the m/v Maera. The gross charter rate is US$8,600 per day, minus a 5% commission paid to third parties, for a period until minimum July 1, 2021 up to maximum September 30, 2021. The charter commenced on June 11, 2020. The Maera is a 75,403 dwt Panamax dry bulk vessel built in 2013. This employment is anticipated to generate approximately US$3.27 million of gross revenue for the minimum scheduled period of the time charter. Diana Shipping Inc. s fleet currently consists of 41 dry bulk vessels (4 Newcastlemax, 13 Capesize, 5 Post-Panamax, 5 Kamsarmax and 14 Panamax). As of today, the combined carrying capacity of the Company s fleet is approximately 5.1 million dwt with a weighted average age of 9.74 years. A table describing the current Diana Shipping Inc. fleet can be found on the Company s website, www.dianashippinginc.com. Information contained on the Company s website does not constitute a part of this press release. About the Company Diana Shipping Inc. is a global provider of shipping transportation services through its ownership of dry bulk vessels. The Company s vessels are employed primarily on medium to long-term time charters and transport a range of dry bulk cargoes, including such commodities as iron ore, coal, grain and other materials along worldwide shipping routes. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words believe, anticipate, intends, estimate, forecast, project, plan, potential, may, should, expect, pending and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, Company management s examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company s records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies that are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company s control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections. In addition to these important factors, other important factors that, in the Company s view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, including impacts of the pandemic and of businesses and governments responses to the pandemic on our operations, personnel, and on the demand for seaborne transportation of bulk products; the strength of world economies and currencies, general market conditions, including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values, changes in demand for dry bulk shipping capacity, changes in the Company s operating expenses, including bunker prices, drydocking and insurance costs, the market for the Company s vessels, availability of financing and refinancing, changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities, potential liability from pending or future litigation, general domestic and international political conditions, potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events, vessel breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see the Company s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Corporate Contact: Ioannis Zafirakis Director, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, Treasurer and Secretary Telephone: + 30-210-9470-100 Email: Website: www.dianashippinginc.com Investor and Media Relations: Edward Nebb Comm-Counsellors, LLC Telephone: + 1-203-972-8350 Email:

Global Net Lease, Inc. Announces Common Stock Dividend for Second Quarter 2020 NEW YORK, April 1, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Net Lease, Inc. ("GNL" or the "Company") (NYSE: GNL/ GNL PRA / GNL PRB) announced today that it intends to pay dividends on its shares of common stock at an annualized rate of $1.60 per share or $0.40 per share on a quarterly basis. GNL anticipates paying dividends authorized by its board of directors on its shares of common stock on a quarterly basis in arrears on the 15th day of the first month following the end of each fiscal quarter (unless otherwise specified) to common stock holders of record on the record date for such payment. Accordingly, GNL declared a dividend of $0.40 per share of common stock payable on April 15, 2020 to common stock holders of record at the close of business on April 13, 2020. About Global Net Lease, Inc. Global Net Lease, Inc. (NYSE: GNL) is a publicly traded real estate investment trust listed on the NYSE focused on acquiring a diversified global portfolio of commercial properties, with an emphasis on sale-leaseback transactions involving single tenant, mission critical income producing net-leased assets across the United States, Western and Northern Europe. Additional information about GNL can be found on its website at www.globalnetlease.com. Important Notice The statements in this press release that are not historical facts may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to be materially different. The words "anticipates," "believes," "expects," "estimates," "projects," "plans," "intends," "may," "will," "would" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of the Company's control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include the potential adverse effects of the ongoing global coronavirus pandemic, including actions taken to contain or treat the coronavirus, on the Company, the Company's tenants and the global economy and financial markets and that any potential future acquisition is subject to market conditions and capital availability and may not be identified or completed on favorable terms, or at all, as well as those risks and uncertainties set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on February 28, 2020 and all other filings with the SEC after that date, as such risks, uncertainties and other important factors may be updated from time to time in the Company's subsequent reports. Further, forward looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results, unless required to do so by law. Contacts:Investors and Media: Email: [email protected]Phone: (212) 415-6510 SOURCE Global Net Lease, Inc. Related Links http://www.globalnetlease.com

Liberty Oilfield Services Inc. Announces Authorization of a Share Repurchase Plan DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Liberty Oilfield Services Inc. (NYSE: LBRT) ( Liberty ) announced today that its board of directors has authorized the implementation of a share repurchase plan to repurchase, at the discretion of senior management, shares of Liberty s Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, in an amount not to exceed $100 million through September 30, 2019. The board s authorization includes the ability to purchase from Liberty s pre-initial public offering investors at prices equivalent to those paid to unaffiliated sellers, subject to certain limitations. The share repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market and through privately negotiated transactions, in block trades and/or through other legally permissible means, depending on market conditions and in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. The Company expects to fund repurchases made under this plan from its existing cash on hand and future operating cash flow. The share repurchase program was authorized on September 10, 2018 and will remain in place until September 30, 2019 but may be limited or terminated at any time without prior notice. The share repurchase program was approved by Liberty s board of directors who believe that a share repurchase program at this time is in the best interest of Liberty and its shareholders and will not impact Liberty s ability to execute its growth plans. About Liberty Oilfield Services Inc. Liberty Oilfield Services Inc. is an independent provider of hydraulic fracturing services to onshore oil and natural gas exploration and production companies in North America. Liberty was founded in 2011 with a relentless focus on improving tight-oil completions, and an emphasis on customer partnerships and technology to find innovative answers to frac optimization. Liberty is headquartered in Denver, Colorado. Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements represent Liberty s expectations or beliefs concerning future events, and it is possible that the results described in this press release will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions identified above or as disclosed from time to time in Liberty s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). As a result of these factors, actual results may differ materially from those indicated or implied by such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and, except as required by law, Liberty does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Liberty to predict all such factors. When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements the Risk Factors section of Liberty s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2017 and in our other public filings with the SEC. These and other factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.

NuVasive Receives FDA Clearance for Expanded Multi-Level Use of CoRoent Small Interlock System for the Cervical Spine SAN DIEGO, Nov. 21, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- NuVasive, Inc. (NASDAQ: NUVA), the leader in spine technology innovation, focused on transforming spine surgery with minimally disruptive, procedurally integrated solutions, today announced the Company received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 510(k) clearance for expanded indications for the CoRoent Small Interlock system. The expanded indication allows for on-label use of the device at multiple contiguous levels from C2-T1 for anterior cervical discectomy and fusion (ACDF) procedures, compared to other systems on the market cleared for only one- or two-level use. ACDF is a commonly performed surgery to address cervical disc degeneration or spinal instability. "NuVasive's expanded indications for use of the CoRoent Small Interlock system represents the first interfixated cervical implant on the market to be cleared for use in more than two level procedures," said Matt Link, president of NuVasive. "This first-of-its-kind clearance reflects NuVasive's efforts to further penetrate the cervical market and deliver solutions that address a broader range of spine care." The CoRoent Small Interlock system is an anterior cervical interbody fusion system indicated for use in adult patients with cervical disc degeneration and/or cervical spinal instability. The system is a no-profile interfixated device that is implanted entirely within the confines of the vertebral disc space and features a zero-step locking mechanism, a large fusion aperture, angled instrumentation for implantation in difficult anatomical locations and a three-screw implant design allowing for versatile interbody placement. "The multi-level clearance provides surgeons a zero-profile interbody implant that can be used in more than two contiguous levels, enabling the surgeon to avoid supplemental fixation which can ultimately reduce operative time," said Leonel Hunt, orthopedic spine surgeon at Hunt Spine in Los Angeles, California. The receipt of this expanded indication coincides with NuVasive's presence at the Cervical Spine Research Society (CSRS) 47th Annual Meeting, November 21-23, 2019 at the New York Marriott Marquis in New York City. At booth #307, the Company will showcase its cervical portfolio and host a lunch workshop Cervical Spine Surgery: Why Should I Change? Featuring Advanced Materials Science . About NuVasive NuVasive, Inc. (NASDAQ: NUVA) is the leader in spine technology innovation, focused on transforming spine surgery and beyond with minimally disruptive, procedurally integrated solutions designed to deliver reproducible and clinically-proven surgical outcomes. The Company's portfolio includes access instruments, implantable hardware, biologics, software systems for surgical planning, navigation and imaging solutions, magnetically adjustable implant systems for spine and orthopedics, and intraoperative monitoring service offerings. With more than $1 billion in revenues, NuVasive has approximately 2,600 employees and operates in more than 50 countries serving surgeons, hospitals and patients. For more information, please visit www.nuvasive.com. Forward-Looking Statements NuVasive cautions you that statements included in this news release that are not a description of historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors which, if they do not materialize or prove correct, could cause NuVasive's results to differ materially from historical results or those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The potential risks and uncertainties which contribute to the uncertain nature of these statements include, among others, risks associated with acceptance of the Company's surgical products and procedures by spine surgeons, development and acceptance of new products or product enhancements, clinical and statistical verification of the benefits achieved via the use of NuVasive's products (including the iGA platform), the Company's ability to effectually manage inventory as it continues to release new products, its ability to recruit and retain management and key personnel, and the other risks and uncertainties described in NuVasive's news releases and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. NuVasive's public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available at www.sec.gov. NuVasive assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made. SOURCE NuVasive, Inc. Related Links http://www.nuvasive.com

Equity Media Holdings Corporation Files Voluntary Petition for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Dec. 9, 2008 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Equity Media Holdings Corporation (Nasdaq:EMDA), announced today that on December 8, 2008, The Company filed a voluntary petition for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas. The case is In re Equity Media Holdings Corp, 4:08-bk-17646, U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Eastern District of Arkansas (Little Rock). About Equity Media Holdings Corporation Equity Media Holdings Corporation (Nasdaq:EMDA) is a broadcaster whose operations include its Broadcast Services Division, Broadcast Station Group and Spectrum Holdings Division. Equity Media's proprietary Centralized Automated Satellite Hub (C.A.S.H.) system provides centralized content distribution services which Equity Media believes are unique within the media industry. For more information, please visit www.EMDAholdings.com. Equity Media Holdings Glenn Charlesworth 501-219-2400

Diana Shipping Inc. Announces Time Charter Contract for m/v Ismene with Phaethon 09/01/2020 Diana Shipping Inc. Announces Time Charter Contract for m/v Ismene with Phaethon ATHENS, GREECE, January 9, 2020 Diana Shipping Inc. (NYSE: DSX), (the Company ), a global shipping company specializing in the ownership of dry bulk vessels, today announced that, through a separate wholly-owned subsidiary, it has entered into a time charter contract with Phaethon International Company AG, for one of its Panamax dry bulk vessels, the m/v Ismene. The gross charter rate is US$10,800 per day, minus a 5% commission paid to third parties, for a period of minimum thirteen (13) months to about fifteen (15) months. The charter is expected to commence on January 11, 2020. The Ismene is a 77,901 dwt Panamax dry bulk vessel built in 2013. This employment is anticipated to generate approximately US$4.21 million of gross revenue for the minimum scheduled period of the time charter. Upon completion of the previously announced sale of one Panamax dry bulk vessel, the m/v Calipso, Diana Shipping Inc. s fleet will consist of 41 dry bulk vessels (4 Newcastlemax, 14 Capesize, 5 Post-Panamax, 5 Kamsarmax and 13 Panamax). As of today, the combined carrying capacity of the Company s fleet is approximately 5.2 million dwt with a weighted average age of 9.56 years. A table describing the current Diana Shipping Inc. fleet can be found on the Company s website, www.dianashippinginc.com. Information contained on the Company s website does not constitute a part of this press release. About the Company Diana Shipping Inc. is a global provider of shipping transportation services through its ownership of dry bulk vessels. The Company s vessels are employed primarily on medium to long-term time charters and transport a range of dry bulk cargoes, including such commodities as iron ore, coal, grain and other materials along worldwide shipping routes. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words believe, anticipate, intends, estimate, forecast, project, plan, potential, may, should, expect, pending and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, Company management s examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company s records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies that are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company s control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections. In addition to these important factors, other important factors that, in the Company s view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the strength of world economies and currencies, general market conditions, including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values, changes in demand for dry bulk shipping capacity, changes in the Company s operating expenses, including bunker prices, drydocking and insurance costs, the market for the Company s vessels, availability of financing and refinancing, changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities, potential liability from pending or future litigation, general domestic and international political conditions, potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events, vessel breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see the Company s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Download: pdf. file doc.file

CytoSorbents Awarded $2,897,172 Phase III STTR Contract to Advance HemoDefend-BGA Plasma and Whole Blood Filter to Clinical Trials MONMOUTH JUNCTION, N.J., June 9, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- CytoSorbents Corporation (NASDAQ:CTSO), a critical care immunotherapy leader specializing in blood purification, announced today that it was awarded a Defense Health Agency Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) Phase III contract, valued at up to $2,897,172 over 2 years, to advance its HemoDefend-BGA plasma and whole blood adsorber to human clinical trials. The program, entitled "Development of a Highly Efficient Adsorber to Remove Anti-A and Anti-B Antibodies from Blood and Plasma for Transfusion," is being funded by the U.S. Army Medical Research and Development Command (USAMRDC) office of the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs (CDMRP). This follows the successful completion of Phase I and II STTR contracts of approximately $1.15 million with researchers at Penn State University, previously funded by the U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity (USAMRAA) and the U.S. Army Medical Research and Material Command (USAMRMC). Plasma and whole blood are life-saving blood products, particularly in civilian and combat trauma where the loss of blood, or hemorrhage, is the leading cause of preventable deaths. However, these products have limitations due to the presence of anti-A and anti-B antibodies in the blood plasma that can cause hemolytic transfusion reactions in an incompatible recipient. The HemoDefend-BGA filter is part of the HemoDefend family of blood transfusion filters, and is fundamentally different from the HemoDefend-RBC filter for packed red blood cells. The HemoDefend-BGA filter is designed to enable "universal plasma", or plasma that can be administered to anyone regardless of blood type, and to improve the safety of whole blood transfusions, by the rapid and efficient removal of anti-A and anti-B antibodies from these two blood products. An advanced HemoDefend-BGA prototype was developed previously under the prior STTR Phase II program. Dr. Maryann Gruda, PhD, Principal Investigator and Director of Biology of CytoSorbents stated, "We are excited to take this next major step in the development of the HemoDefend-BGA adsorber. A tremendous amount of effort and innovation has gone into the current prototype that has exceeded program performance expectations. With this new funding, we plan to optimize our prototype and scale-up manufacturing to produce commercial-grade materials. This will facilitate advancement of the HemoDefend-BGA adsorber through pre-clinical testing to human clinical trials, with the goal of potential U.S. FDA regulatory approval. If successful, we expect the HemoDefend-BGA adsorber to expand the availability of universal plasma and whole blood that may help to save warfighter and civilian lives." Dr. Phillip Chan, MD, PhD, Chief Executive Officer of CytoSorbents stated, "The development of a simple device that efficiently reduces the level of anti-A and anti-B antibodies in whole blood and plasma to low titer is a major milestone in our collaboration with the U.S. military. We are grateful for U.S. Army support and proud to contribute to this important program. We plan to work aggressively to make this technology commercially available as soon as possible." Plasma is the straw-colored, cell-free portion of whole blood. It contains a wide range of important substances such as electrolytes, hormones, proteins such as albumin, clotting factors, and antibodies. The transfusion of plasma, or plasma-derived products, is used widely to help save the lives of trauma and bleeding victims, septic and other critically-ill patients, and patients with life-threatening blood coagulation and autoimmune disorders. In 2017, approximately 3.0 million units of plasma were distributed in the United States alone. Most plasma contains blood-type specific antibodies and must be cross-matched for blood type with the intended recipient ahead of time or risk serious transfusion reactions. The only "universal" plasma is Type AB plasma, which lack anti-A and anti-B antibodies, but is rare, accounting for less than 5.0% of potential donors. By reducing these blood-type specific antibodies from donated plasma of all blood types, the goal is to create a cost-effective, reliable, and expanded source of "universal" plasma that can be administered immediately, without blood-typing, in a wide range of emergent and non-emergent situations. Many studies have demonstrated that whole blood transfusion is superior in hemorrhage control and survival in severe trauma, compared to individual blood component transfusions (e.g. pRBCs, platelets, plasma). In the military, in emergency or mass casualty situations when the demand for refrigerated blood products has exceeded the supply inventory in the combat zone, the "Walking Blood Bank" program can be implemented, where unwounded soldiers can donate their blood to those that have fallen. Type O whole blood is typically the universal donor type, but since it is roughly 60% plasma, anti-A and anti-B antibodies can be present at various levels that can cause potentially fatal hemolytic transfusion reactions in the recipient. Currently, the military relies on pre-screening and identification of low titer Type O donors. By removing these antibodies from whole blood, HemoDefend-BGA may help to improve the safety of whole blood transfusion across all blood types and make the logistics of treatment much easier. The HemoDefend-BGA Adsorber is not yet approved in the U.S. or elsewhere. This Award is supported by the Defense Health Agency STTR Program/U.S. Army Medical Research and Development Command (USAMRDC)/Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program (CDMRP) under Contract No. W81XWH-20-C-0050. Any opinions, findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the U.S. Army Medical Research and Development Command (USAMRDC) or the U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity (USAMRAA). About CytoSorbents Corporation (NASDAQ: CTSO) CytoSorbents Corporation is a leader in critical care immunotherapy, specializing in blood purification. Its flagship product, CytoSorb is approved in the European Union with distribution in 58 countries around the world, as an extracorporeal cytokine adsorber designed to reduce the "cytokine storm" or "cytokine release syndrome" that could otherwise cause massive inflammation, organ failure and death in common critical illnesses. These are conditions where the risk of death is extremely high, yet no effective treatments exist. CytoSorb has been used in more than 88,000 human treatments to date. CytoSorb has received FDA Emergency Use Authorization in the United States for use in critically-ill COVID-19 patients with imminent or confirmed respiratory failure, in defined circumstances. CytoSorb has also been granted FDA Breakthrough Designation for the removal of ticagrelor in a cardiopulmonary bypass circuit during emergent and urgent cardiothoracic surgery. CytoSorbents' purification technologies are based on biocompatible, highly porous polymer beads that can actively remove toxic substances from blood and other bodily fluids by pore capture and surface adsorption. Its technologies have received non-dilutive grant, contract, and other funding of approximately $33 million from DARPA, the U.S. Army, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the National Institutes of Health (NIH), National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI), U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM), Air Force Material Command (USAF/AFMC), Joint Program Executive Office for Chemical Biological Defense (JPEO-CBD), and others. The Company has numerous products under development based upon this unique blood purification technology protected by many issued U.S. and international patents and multiple applications pending, including CytoSorb-XL , HemoDefend , VetResQ , K+ontrol , ContrastSorb, DrugSorb, and others. For more information, please visit the Company's websites at www.cytosorbents.com and www.cytosorb.com or follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans, objectives, representations and contentions and are not historical facts and typically are identified by use of terms such as "may," "should," "could," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue" and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. You should be aware that the forward-looking statements in this press release represent management's current judgment and expectations, but our actual results, events and performance could differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020, as updated by the risks reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and in the press releases and other communications to shareholders issued by us from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors which may affect our business. We caution you not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, particularly in light of the current coronavirus pandemic, where businesses can be impacted by rapidly changing state and federal regulations, as well as the health and availability of their workforce. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, other than as required under the Federal securities laws. Please Click to Follow Us on Facebook and Twitter CytoSorbents Contact: Amy Vogel (732) 398-5394 [email protected] Investor Relations Contact: Jeremy Feffer LifeSci Advisors 917-749-1494 [email protected] Public Relations Contact: Eric Kim Rubenstein Public Relations 212-805-3052 [email protected] SOURCE CytoSorbents Corporation Related Links www.cytosorbents.com

OPKO Health's BioReference Laboratories Awarded Commercial Surge Capacity Testing for COVID-19 Emergency Response Contract by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) CDC chooses BioReference as one of the antibody testing and service providers for national serological survey ELMWOOD PARK, N.J., July 20, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- BioReference Laboratories, Inc., an OPKO Health company (NASDAQ: OPK), today announced it will accept an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract award to provide Commercial Surge Capacity Testing for COVID-19 Emergency Response to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Under the contract with the CDC, BioReference will perform antibody testing to determine COVID-19 seroprevalence, and will provide results with key demographic information and analysis in collaboration with the CDC. The agreement's period of performance began July 20, 2020, and is ongoing through November 19, 2020. "Working with the CDC underscores the importance of public, private partnership to achieve a worthwhile COVID-19 response," said Jon R. Cohen, M.D., Executive Chairman of BioReference Laboratories. "Many studies suggest that the majority of the public has not been infected with COVID-19, but multiple factors limit these findings. Together with the leading public health authority, we are leveraging extensive depth and breadth of testing expertise to increase overall understanding of the disease burden of the virus." For more information, visit https://www.bioreference.com/coronavirus. About BioReference Laboratories, Inc.BioReference provides comprehensive testing to physicians, clinics, hospitals, employers, government units, correctional institutions and medical groups. The company is in network with the five largest health plans in the United States, operates a network of 11 laboratory locations, and is backed by a medical staff of more than 120 MD, PhD and other professional level clinicians and scientists. For more information, visit www.bioreference.com. About OPKO HealthOPKO Health, Inc., is a multinational biopharmaceutical and diagnostics company that seeks to establish industry leading positions in large, rapidly growing markets by leveraging its discovery, development and commercialization expertise and novel and proprietary technologies. For more information, visit www.opko.com. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains "forward-looking statements," as that term is defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA), which statements may be identified by words such as "expects," "plans," "projects," "will," "may," "anticipates," "believes," "should," "intends," "estimates," and other words of similar meaning, including statements regarding BioReference's testing for COVID-19, the benefits of the contract with the CDC, the timing of and availability of the test, the expected daily capacity for testing, and the actual demand for our test, as well as other non-historical statements about our expectations, beliefs or intentions regarding our business, technologies and products, financial condition, strategies or prospects. Many factors could cause our actual activities or results to differ materially from the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking statements. These factors include those described in the OPKO Health, Inc. Annual Reports on Form 10-K filed and to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in its other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, forward-looking statements may also be adversely affected by equipment and reagent shortages, general market factors, competitive product development, product availability, federal and state regulations and legislation, the regulatory process for new products and indications, manufacturing issues that may arise, patent positions and litigation, among other factors. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date the statements were made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. We intend that all forward-looking statements be subject to the safe-harbor provisions of the PSLRA SOURCE BioReference Laboratories, Inc

Quanta Services Announces New $500 Million Stock Repurchase Program Repurchased Approximately 7.2 Million Shares of Common Stock for $254 Million Under Prior Stock Repurchase Program $46 Million Remains Available Under Prior Authorization HOUSTON, Sept. 4, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Quanta Services, Inc. (NYSE: PWR) today announced that its board of directors, in support of management's request, has authorized the company to repurchase, from time to time through August 30, 2021, up to $500 million in shares of its outstanding common stock under a new stock repurchase program. The new program is in addition to the remaining $46 million available under the previously authorized $300 million stock repurchase program, pursuant to which Quanta has repurchased approximately 7.2 million shares of its common stock in the open market for a total cost of approximately $254 million and which authorizes repurchases through June 2020. "Since mid-2014, Quanta has allocated approximately $2 billion to repurchase 78.9 million shares of its outstanding stock under several stock repurchase authorizations, representing approximately 36% of our outstanding common stock as of the start of those programs. This new stock repurchase program demonstrates our continued confidence in Quanta's long-term growth prospects and commitment to enhancing stockholder value," said Duke Austin, President and Chief Executive Officer of Quanta Services. "Quanta's competitive position in the marketplace and our ability to serve the expanding needs of our customers has never been better. Our end markets are strong, we see opportunity to achieve record backlog again this year and we believe we are well positioned for growth over the next several years. With a strong balance sheet, internal cash flow generation and disciplined approach to capital allocation, we are poised to execute on our strategic growth initiatives while returning significant capital to stockholders." The new repurchase program may be implemented through open market repurchases or privately negotiated transactions, at management's discretion, based on market and business conditions, applicable contractual and legal requirements and other factors. The new stock repurchase program does not obligate Quanta to acquire any specific amount of common stock authorized and may be modified or terminated by Quanta's board at any time at its sole discretion and without notice. ABOUT QUANTA SERVICES Quanta Services is a leading specialized contracting services company, delivering infrastructure solutions for the electric power, oil and gas and communications industries. Quanta's comprehensive services include designing, installing, repairing and maintaining energy and communications infrastructure. With operations throughout the United States, Canada, Latin America, Australia and select other international markets, Quanta has the manpower, resources and expertise to safely complete projects that are local, regional, national or international in scope. For more information, visit www.quantaservices.com. Forward Looking Statements This press release (and oral statements regarding the subject matter of this release) contains forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the "safe harbor" from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the amount, timing, availability, and strategy with respect to any future stock repurchases; the long-term strategy and growth prospects of Quanta; the ability to deliver increased value and return capital to shareholders; expectations regarding Quanta's business or financial outlook; growth, trends or opportunities in particular markets; the future demand for and availability of labor resources in the industries Quanta serves; Quanta's plans and strategies; the current economic and regulatory conditions and trends in the industries Quanta serves; and the strategic use of Quanta's balance sheet; as well as statements reflecting expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events, and other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Although Quanta's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. These statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions and by known and unknown risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, including, among others, market conditions; the effects of industry, economic, financial or political conditions outside of the control of Quanta, including weakness in capital markets; quarterly variations in operating results; trends and growth opportunities in relevant markets; competition in Quanta's business, including the ability to effectively compete for new projects and market share; the cost of borrowing, availability of cash and credit, fluctuations in the price and volume of Quanta's common stock, debt covenant compliance, interest rate fluctuations and other factors affecting financing and investing activities; the ability to access sufficient funding to finance desired growth and operations; the impact of significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Quanta's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2017, Quanta's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended Mar. 31, 2018 and Jun. 30, 2018 and any other documents that Quanta files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). For a discussion of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, investors are urged to refer to Quanta's documents filed with the SEC that are available through the company's website at www.quantaservices.com or through the SEC's Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval System (EDGAR) at www.sec.gov. Should one or more of these risks materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are current only as of this date. Quanta does not undertake and expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Quanta further expressly disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this press release. Contacts: Investors - Kip Rupp, CFA Media Lynn Hancock Quanta Services, Inc. Ward 713-629-7600 713-869-0707 SOURCE Quanta Services, Inc. Related Links http://www.quantaservices.com

Advaxis Announces Positive Clinical Data in Ongoing Phase 1/2 ADXS-503 Trial in NSCLC at the IASLC 2020 Targeted Therapies of Lung Cancer Meeting ADXS-503 safe and tolerable with potential signs of clinical activity in 4 of 7 evaluable patients achieving stable disease in the refractory setting Patient who previously progressed on pembrolizumab showed stable disease with a 25% reduction in a site lesion in combination arm PRINCETON, N.J., Feb. 20, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Advaxis, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADXS), a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of immunotherapy products today announced results from the monotherapy and combination arms of the Company s ongoing Phase 1/2 study investigating ADXS-503 in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) at the IASLC 2020 Targeted Therapies of Lung Cancer Meeting in Santa Monica, California. The trial is evaluating ADXS-503, part of the Company s ADXS-HOT cancer-type specific immunotherapy program which leverages Advaxis proprietary Lm technology platform to target hotspot mutations that commonly occur in specific cancer types as well as other proprietary, tumor-associated antigens, alone and in combination with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), Merck s anti-PD-1 therapy. Key findings presented by Jennifer Carlisle, M.D., Assistant Professor Department of Hematology and Medical Oncology, Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University and study investigator, titled, A Phase 1/2 Study of ADXS-503 Alone and in Combination with Pembrolizumab in Subjects with Metastatic Squamous or Non-Squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer include: Nine patients have been dosed to date; seven in the monotherapy arm and two in the combination arm, with a total of seven evaluable patients 50% (3 of 6) of evaluable patients from the monotherapy arm, from Part A, showed stable disease The first evaluable patient from the combination arm, Part B, who previously progressed on pembrolizumab, showed stable disease with a 25% reduction in a site lesion Stable disease was observed in a heavily pretreated patient population with patients failing up to six prior lines of therapy and most patients progressing on prior immunotherapy treatments ADXS-503 monotherapy and in combination with pembrolizumab appeared safe and tolerable in this heavily pretreated population of patients with no dose limiting toxicities observed Treatment-related adverse events were mostly Grade 1-2, with no additive toxicity observed with combination therapy The presented preliminary data on safety, tolerability and disease stabilization with ADXS-503 in patients with advanced NSCLC provides an important clinical proof-of-concept to the Company s first off-the shelf, hotspot neoantigen construct tested thus far, said Dr. Andres Gutierrez, Chief Medical Officer of Advaxis. These data are important given the highly refractory patient population with most evaluated patients progressing on prior immunotherapies and, while early, we are particularly interested in documenting additional potential signals of synergy with KEYTRUDA . We look forward to reporting additional clinical and immunogenicity data later this year in addition to starting Part C of the study which will evaluate ADXS-503 in combination with pembrolizumab as a first-line treatment for NSCLC patients. The Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ADXS-503 will seek to establish the recommended dose, safety, tolerability and clinical activity of ADXS-503 administered alone and in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor in approximately 50 patients with NSCLC, in at least five sites across the U.S. The two dose levels with monotherapy in Part A, (1 X108 and 5 X108 CFU) have been completed and Part B in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor is currently open to enrollment. About ADXS-HOT ADXS-HOT is a program that leverages the Company s proprietary Lm technology to target hotspot mutations that commonly occur in specific cancer types. ADXS-HOT drug candidates are designed to target acquired shared or public mutations in tumor driver genes along with other proprietary cancer-testes and oncofetal tumor-associated antigens that also commonly occur in specific cancer types. ADXS-HOT drug candidates are an off-the-shelf treatment, designed to potentially treat all patients with a specific cancer type, without the need for pretreatment biomarker testing, DNA sequencing or diagnostic testing. About Advaxis, Inc. Advaxis, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary Lm-based antigen delivery products. These immunotherapies are based on a platform technology that utilizes live attenuated Listeria monocytogenes (Lm) bioengineered to secrete antigen/adjuvant fusion proteins. These Lm-based strains are believed to be a significant advancement in immunotherapy as they integrate multiple functions into a single immunotherapy and are designed to access and direct antigen presenting cells to stimulate anti-tumor T cell immunity, activate the immune system with the equivalent of multiple adjuvants, and simultaneously reduce tumor protection in the tumor microenvironment to enable T cells to eliminate tumors. To learn more about Advaxis, visit www.advaxis.com and connect on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and YouTube. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are any statements that express the current beliefs and expectations of management, including but not limited to statements related to the expected clinical development of the Company s drug product candidates. These and other risks are discussed in the Company s filings with the SEC, including, without limitation, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on December 20, 2019, and its periodic reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. Any statements contained herein that do not describe historical facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, except as otherwise required by law, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Amedisys Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Compassionate Care Hospice Amedisys to Become Third Largest Hospice Provider in America BATON ROUGE, La., Oct. 10, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Amedisys, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMED), America s leading independent home health, hospice and personal care company, announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Compassionate Care Hospice ( CCH ), a national hospice care provider headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey. Compassionate Care Hospice, a community-based organization founded in 1993, cares for approximately 3,300 patients daily and employs more than 2,300 hospice professionals in 53 locations across 24 states. The company generates approximately $188 million in annual revenues, with an adjusted EBITDA of $27 million. Under the terms of the agreement, expected to close by February 1, 2019, Amedisys will acquire 100 percent of the ownership interests in CCH for a fixed price of $340 million, which is inclusive of $50 million in payments related to a tax asset and working capital. Amedisys, currently caring for more than 7,500 hospice patients per day in 22 states, will become the third largest hospice provider in America. By joining forces with Compassionate Care Hospice, we at Amedisys are strengthening our hospice family and gaining the privilege to build a team that can serve more patients in more places, said Amedisys CEO and President Paul Kusserow. This also demonstrates that we re delivering on our promise to our shareholders and employees to expand our hospice footprint. I m proud to welcome these outstanding caregivers into the Amedisys family as we bring together two organizations committed to patients and outstanding clinical quality. In coming together with Amedisys, we re destined to create a hospice organization that sets a new standard in the industry, said Compassionate Care Hospice Chief Executive Officer Judy Grey. Our mission of affirming life during its final stages by providing holistic and compassionate care to patients and their families aligns perfectly with Amedisys commitment to honoring life through clinical excellence. The transaction adds significant new access to Amedisys high-quality, nationwide network of 83 hospice care centers. Post-closing, the combined hospice operations will include 136 care centers in 34 states, with an ADC of approximately 11,000 patients and approximately 5,700 hospice employees. Forward-Looking Statements When included in this press release, words like believes, belief, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, projects, estimates, may, might, would, should, will and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the expected timing of completion of the proposed acquisition of Compassionate Care Hospice and the expected effects of the completion of the proposed acquisition. These forward-looking statements involve a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described therein. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to the following: our ability to close the acquisition of Compassionate Care Hospice, our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of Compassionate Care Hospice, changes in Medicare and other medical payment levels, our ability to open care centers, acquire additional care centers and integrate and operate these care centers effectively, changes in or our failure to comply with existing federal and state laws or regulations or the inability to comply with new government regulations on a timely basis, competition in the healthcare industry, our ability to integrate our personal care segment into our business efficiently, changes in the case mix of patients and payment methodologies, changes in estimates and judgments associated with critical accounting policies, our ability to maintain or establish new patient referral sources, our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, changes in payments and covered services by federal and state governments, future cost containment initiatives undertaken by third-party payors, our access to financing, our ability to meet debt service requirements and comply with covenants in debt agreements, business disruptions due to natural disasters or acts of terrorism, our ability to integrate, manage and keep our information systems secure, our ability to comply with requirements stipulated in our corporate integrity agreement and changes in law or developments with respect to any litigation relating to the Company, including various other matters, many of which are beyond our control. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on any forward-looking statement as a prediction of future events. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking and we do not intend to release publicly any updates or changes in our expectations concerning the forward-looking statements or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances upon which any forward-looking statement may be based, except as required by law. Non-GAAP Financial Measures This press release includes a reconciliation of the most comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ( GAAP ) to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP financial measure used in this press release, as defined under SEC rules, is as follows: adjusted EBITDA of CCH, defined as net income before provision for income taxes, net interest expense and depreciation and amortization, excluding certain items. Management believes that this non-GAAP financial measure, when reviewed in conjunction with GAAP financial measures, is a useful gauge of CCH s historical performance. This non-GAAP financial measure should be considered in addition to, and not more meaningful than or as an alternative to GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP measures as presented herein may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies since not all companies calculate these non-GAAP measures consistently. About Amedisys: Amedisys, Inc. is a leading healthcare at home Company delivering personalized home health, hospice and personal care. Amedisys is focused on delivering the care that is best for our patients, whether that is home-based personal care; recovery and rehabilitation after an operation or injury; care focused on empowering them to manage a chronic disease; or hospice care at the end of life. More than 3,000 hospitals and 59,000 physicians nationwide have chosen Amedisys as a partner in post-acute care. Founded in 1982, headquartered in Baton Rouge, LA with an executive office in Nashville, TN, Amedisys is a publicly held company. With 18,400 employees in 421 care centers in 34 states and the District of Columbia, Amedisys is dedicated to delivering the highest quality of care to the doorsteps of more than 369,000 patients and clients in need every year. For more information about the Company, please visit: www.amedisys.com . About Compassionate Care Hospice: Founded in 1993, Compassionate Care Hospice is a community-based organization committed to providing the highest quality hospice care to patients, their families and close friends throughout the country. We are currently located in over 20 states from the East to the West coast. RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES TO GAAP MEASURES (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ( Adjusted EBITDA ): For the Twelve Months Ended May 31, 2018 Net income attributable to Compassionate Care Hospice $ 21,265 Add: Income tax expense 2,436 Interest expense, net 146 Depreciation and amortization 43 Certain items 3,052 Adjusted EBITDA (1) attributable to Compassionate Care Hospice $ 26,942 (1) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income before provision for income taxes, net interest expense and depreciation and amortization, excluding certain items. Contact: Kendra Kimmons Vice President of Marketing & Communications 225-299-3708 kendra.kimmons@amedisys.com

Protagonist Therapeutics Announces Fast Track Designation Granted by U.S. FDA to Hepcidin Mimetic PTG-300 Designation applies to development for the treatment of chronic anemia in patients with beta thalassemia NEWARK, Calif., Sept. 27, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:PTGX) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Fast Track designation to therapeutic candidate PTG-300 for the treatment of chronic anemia due to ineffective erythropoiesis in patients with beta-thalassemia. PTG-300 is an injectable hepcidin mimetic that has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA for beta-thalassemia, a rare disease characterized by iron overload. "We are pleased to have received Fast Track designation for PTG-300 as recognition of its potential in beta-thalassemia, our initial area of focus and a rare disease with unmet medical need," commented Dinesh V. Patel, Ph.D., Protagonist President and Chief Executive Officer. "We remain on track to initiate a Phase 2 clinical trial in beta-thalassemia patients by the end of the year. The Phase 2 trial incorporates an open label trial design with objective endpoints that will enable us to assess the performance of PTG-300 in an accurate and timely manner. In addition, the therapeutic mechanism of PTG-300 suggests potential for future development in the treatment of a broad range of blood disorders, including hereditary hemochromatosis and rare diseases such as polycythemia vera and myelodysplastic syndrome." The FDA Fast Track Program is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of new therapeutics that are intended to treat serious conditions and that demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs. Drugs that receive this designation benefit from more frequent interactions and meetings with the FDA and potential pathways for expedited approval. About PTG-300 and Hepcidin PTG-300, an injectable hepcidin mimetic, is currently in clinical development for the potential treatment of beta-thalassemia, a rare disease characterized by chronic anemia and iron overload. Hepcidin is a natural peptide hormone that is the main regulatory hormone governing iron absorption, recycling and utilization by the body. Iron plays an essential role in various body functions, especially blood formation, but too much iron is toxic, resulting in tissue and organ damage over time. Abnormally low hepcidin levels, caused by genetic mutations or secondary pathology, can be replaced by a hepcidin mimetic to restore iron homeostasis. PTG-300 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA for development in the treatment of beta-thalassemia. Treatment of patients with myelodysplastic syndromes, hereditary hemochromatosis and polycythemia vera represent additional opportunities for future development of PTG-300. About Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc. Protagonist Therapeutics is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company that utilizes a proprietary technology platform to discover and develop novel peptide-based drugs to transform existing treatment paradigms for patients with significant unmet medical needs. PTG-100 is an oral alpha-4-beta-7 integrin antagonist peptide that is under development for potential treatment of inflammatory bowel diseases. The company's interleukin-23 receptor antagonist peptide, PTG-200, is currently in a Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers to support a Phase 2 study in Crohn's disease. The IL-12/23 pathway blockade is an approach that has been validated through an FDA-approved injectable antibody drug. The company has entered into a worldwide license and collaboration agreement with Janssen Biotech for the clinical development of PTG-200. Protagonist has also applied its innovative peptide platform outside of gastrointestinal disease areas and is developing an injectable hepcidin mimetic, PTG-300, for the potential treatment of anemia and iron overload related to rare blood diseases with an initial focus on beta-thalassemia. Protagonist is headquartered in Newark, California, with pre-clinical and clinical staff in California and discovery operations in both California and Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. For further information, please visit http://www.protagonist-inc.com. Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our intentions or current expectations concerning, among other things, the potential for our programs, our research and development plans, the utility of our intellectual property, and the adequacy of our capital resources. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "anticipate," "believe," "may," "will," "would," or "expect," or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those anticipated, including, but not limited to, our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates, our ability to use and expand our programs to build a pipeline of product candidates, our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates, our ability to operate in a competitive industry and compete successfully against competitors that have greater resources than we do, and our ability to obtain and adequately protect intellectual property rights for our product candidates. We discuss many of these risks in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors" contained in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements that we make in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this press release. SOURCE Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc. Related Links http://www.protagonist-inc.com

First Financial Northwest, Inc. Announces Adoption of New Share Repurchase Plan RENTON, Wash., June 17, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- First Financial Northwest, Inc. (the Company ) (NASDAQ GS: FFNW), the holding company for First Financial Northwest Bank today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to 5.0% of the Company s outstanding common stock, or approximately 509,000 shares, on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The new stock repurchase plan will commence on or about July 30, 2020 and will expire after six months. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. As a result, there can be no assurance as to the exact number of shares, if any, that will be repurchased under the plan. As of June 16, 2020, the Company has repurchased 214,845 shares of its outstanding common stock at an average price of $11.13 per share under its most recent stock repurchase plan in effect from January 27, 2020 through July 27, 2020, which authorized the repurchase of up to 513,000 shares, or approximately 5.0% of its outstanding common stock. First Financial Northwest, Inc. is the parent company of First Financial Northwest Bank, an FDIC insured Washington State-chartered commercial bank headquartered in Renton, Washington, serving the Puget Sound Region through 13 full-service banking offices. For additional information about us, please visit our website at ffnwb.com and click on the Investor Relations link at the bottom of the page. Forward-looking statements: When used in this press release and in other documents filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), in press releases or other public stockholder communications, or in oral statements made with the approval of an authorized executive officer, the words or phrases believe, will, will likely result, are expected to, will continue, is anticipated, estimate, project, plans, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts but instead represent management's current expectations and forecasts regarding future events many of which are inherently uncertain and outside of our control. Actual results may differ, possibly materially from those currently expected or projected in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, the following: the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, including on our credit quality and business operations, as well as its impact on general economic and financial market conditions; increased competitive pressures; changes in the interest rate environment; legislative and regulatory changes; and other factors described in the Company s latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that are available on our website at www.ffnwb.com and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Any of the forward-looking statements that we make in this Press Release and in the other public statements are based upon management's beliefs and assumptions at the time they are made and may turn out to be wrong because of the inaccurate assumptions we might make, because of the factors illustrated above or because of other factors that we cannot foresee. Therefore, these factors should be considered in evaluating the forward-looking statements, and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. We do not undertake and specifically disclaim any obligation to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statements. These risks could cause our actual results for 2020 and beyond to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, us and could negatively affect our operating and stock performance. For more information, contact: Joseph W. Kiley III, President and Chief Executive Officer Rich Jacobson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (425) 255-4400

Golar LNG Limited - Announcement of filing of Form 20-F Annual Report Golar LNG Limited announces that it has filed its Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2019 with the Securities and Exchange Commission in the U.S. Form 20-F can be downloaded from the link below, is available on our website ( www.golarlng.com ) and shareholders may receive a hard copy free of charge upon request. April 30, 2020 The Board of Directors Hamilton, Bermuda Enquiries: Golar Management Limited: + 44 207 063 7900 Stuart Buchanan

Wintrust Financial Corporation Announces Cash Dividends and Share Repurchase Authorization ROSEMONT, Ill., Oct. 24, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Wintrust Financial Corporation ( Wintrust or the Company ) (Nasdaq: WTFC) today announced that the Company s Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share of outstanding common stock. The dividend is payable on November 21, 2019 to shareholders of record as of November 7, 2019. Additionally, the Company s Board of Directors approved quarterly cash dividends on outstanding shares of the Company s 6.50% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D. The dividend is payable on January 15, 2020 to shareholders of record as of January 1, 2020. Additionally, the Company s Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase up to $125 million of its outstanding shares of common stock. Our decision to authorize a share repurchase highlights our continuing confidence in Wintrust s long-term growth and our commitment to promote long-term shareholder value, said Edward J. Wehmer, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. He further stated, The authorization of the share repurchase will allow us to take advantage of opportunities as may be presented by the equities markets. We will continue to maintain the flexibility to invest in our current business, take advantage of strategic opportunities and pay dividends. Wintrust may repurchase shares from time to time for cash in open market transactions or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The timing and amount of any repurchases will be determined by the Company s management based on their evaluation of market conditions, share price and other factors. The share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. About Wintrust Wintrust is a financial holding company with assets of over $34 billion whose common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Built on the "HAVE IT ALL" model, Wintrust offers sophisticated technology and resources of a large bank while focusing on providing service-based community banking to each and every customer. Wintrust operates fifteen community bank subsidiaries, with over 170 banking locations located in the greater Chicago and southern Wisconsin market areas. Additionally, Wintrust operates various non-bank business units including business units which provide commercial and life insurance premium financing in the United States, a premium finance company operating in Canada, a company providing short-term accounts receivable financing and value-added out-sourced administrative services to the temporary staffing services industry, a business unit engaging primarily in the origination and purchase of residential mortgages for sale into the secondary market throughout the United States, and companies providing wealth management services and qualified intermediary services for tax-deferred exchanges. Forward-Looking Information This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Investors are cautioned that such statements are predictions and actual events or results may differ materially. Wintrust's expected financial results or other plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see "Risk Factors" and the forward-looking statement disclosure contained in Wintrust's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in any of the Company s subsequent SEC filings. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made and Wintrust undertakes no duty to update the information. FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT: Edward J. Wehmer, President & Chief Executive Officer David A. Dykstra, Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer (847) 939-9000 Website address: www.wintrust.com

Summit Financial Group, Inc. Announces Stock Repurchase Program of Up to 750,000 Shares MOOREFIELD, W.Va., Feb. 28, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Summit Financial Group, Inc. ( Summit ) (NASDAQ: SMMF) today announces its Board of Directors recently approved a stock repurchase program of up to 750,000 shares of its outstanding common stock. Shares repurchased will be made in management s discretion at prices it considers to be attractive and in the best interests of both the Company and its shareholders, subject to the availability of shares, general market conditions, the trading price of the shares, alternative uses for capital and the Company s financial performance. The program does not obligate Summit to repurchase any particular number of shares of common stock during any period, and it may be discontinued, suspended or restarted at any time at the Company's discretion. ABOUT THE COMPANY Summit Financial Group, Inc. is a $2.4 billion financial holding company headquartered in Moorefield, West Virginia. Summit provides community banking services primarily in the Eastern Panhandle, Southern and North Central regions of West Virginia and the Northern, Shenandoah Valley and Southwestern regions of Virginia, through its bank subsidiary, Summit Community Bank, Inc., which operates thirty-six banking locations.

Leidos Awarded Contract to Support Counterintelligence Operations RESTON, Va., June 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Leidos (NYSE: LDOS), a FORTUNE 500 science and technology leader, has been awarded a contract by the U.S. Air Force's Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) to provide intelligence support services. The single award, firm-fixed-price, level-of-effort award has a one-year base period of performance, four one-year options and a total ceiling of approximately $50 million if all options are exercised. Work will be performed at U.S. Air Force sites in South Carolina and the Middle East. AFOSI is a federal law enforcement agency with responsibility for conducting criminal investigations, counterintelligence, specialized investigative activities, and integrated force protection. Leidos will support the organization's Terrorism Analysis Support Services by providing AFOSI program management, counterintelligence analysis, counterterrorism analysis, and other analytical services. These services will help AFOSI target foreign intelligence services, terrorist organizations, insurgent groups, and their surrogates that pose a threat to Department of Defense and coalition forces personnel, resources, and facilities within military theaters of operation. Leidos leveraged proven past performance and built a team with direct experience unique to the customer's mission. The company also installed innovative support processes to mitigate transition of personnel and execution risks while increasing quality and retention to ensure uninterrupted service for the customer's critical needs. "This contract represents a major achievement in our Air Force growth campaign and our continued support to warfighters," said Senior Vice President Eric Freeman, Leidos C4ISR Solutions. "It allows us to bolster our already significant capabilities and further assist our customers in addressing their enduring mission requirements." About Leidos Leidos is a Fortune 500 information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 32,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 28, 2018, and other such filings that Leidos makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Contact: Melissa Koskovich Erin Tindell (571) 526-6850 (571) 526-6996 [email protected] [email protected] SOURCE Leidos Related Links http://www.leidos.com

Fogo de Ch o, Inc. To Be Acquired by Rh ne For $15.75 Per Share In Cash DALLAS, Feb. 20, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Fogo de Ch o, Inc. ( Fogo or the Company ) (NASDAQ:FOGO) today announced an agreement to be acquired by investment entities affiliated with Rh ne Capital (together with its affiliates, Rh ne ). Under the terms of the agreement, Rh ne will acquire the Company in an all cash transaction valued at $560 million. The Company s stockholders will receive $15.75 per share, representing a 25.5 percent premium to the closing share price of the Company s shares on February 16, 2018. After a thorough evaluation of the options available, the Board of Directors is confident that this transaction will provide Fogo a significant opportunity to realize the highest value for our stockholders while providing the best path forward for the Fogo de Ch o brand, employees, and loyal customers, said Larry Johnson, Chief Executive Officer of Fogo de Ch o, Inc. We are excited to enter into a new chapter for the Company and confident that Rh ne will be an invaluable partner as they have a proven and distinguished track record of supporting and driving profitable growth for companies around the world. The transaction is the result of a comprehensive strategic alternatives review process taken by the Company s Board of Directors. The transaction has been unanimously approved by Fogo s Board of Directors. Funds affiliated with Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. and certain of Fogo s directors and executive officers, which collectively hold more than 60 percent of Fogo s shares, have approved the transaction by written consent. The acquisition is expected to be completed during the second calendar quarter of 2018, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. We look forward to collaborating with Fogo and its talented management team to continue the growth of this exceptional business. The Fogo experience offers consumers an unsurpassed combination of quality and value in an authentic Brazilian churrascaria environment. We believe our firm s global experience, relationships, and longstanding and expanding presence in Brazil is a natural complement to the Company and will serve to facilitate Fogo s domestic and international expansion plans. We look forward to working with Fogo s management team to drive value for the Company, employees, and customers in this new chapter for the brand, said Eytan Tigay, Managing Director of Rh ne. Jefferies LLC acted as financial advisor to Fogo de Ch o. Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP and Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP served as legal counsel to Fogo and its Board of Directors. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC served as financial advisor and Sullivan & Cromwell LLP served as legal advisor to Rh ne. Credit Suisse and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association are providing financing for the transaction. About Fogo de Ch o Fogo de Ch o (fogo-dee-shown) is a leading Brazilian steakhouse, or churrascaria, which has specialized for nearly 40 years in fire-roasting high-quality meats utilizing the centuries-old Southern Brazilian cooking technique of churrasco. Fogo delivers a distinctive and authentic Brazilian dining experience through the combination of high-quality Brazilian cuisine and a differentiated service model known as espeto corrido (Portuguese for "continuous service") delivered by gaucho chefs. Fogo offers its guests a tasting menu of a variety of meats including beef, lamb, pork and chicken, simply seasoned and carefully fire-roasted to expose their natural flavors, a gourmet Market Table with seasonal salads, soup and fresh vegetables, seafood, desserts, signature cocktails and an award-winning wine list. The first Fogo de Ch o opened in Brazil in 1979. The Company currently operates 38 restaurants in the United States, 9 in Brazil, two joint venture restaurants in Mexico, and two joint venture restaurants in the Middle East (Jeddah, Saudi Arabia and Dubai). Visit FOGO.com for more information. About Rh ne With over 20 years of investing experience, Rh ne is a global alternative investment management firm with more than $5 billion in assets under management. The firm focuses its private equity investments in market leading businesses with a pan-European or transatlantic presence and global growth opportunities. Rh ne, which is currently investing capital from its fifth private equity fund, has invested in a diversified portfolio of companies including those in the aviation, chemical, consumer product, food, packaging, retail, specialty material, security, business services and transportation sectors. Important Information For Stockholders Fogo will prepare an information statement on Schedule 14C for its stockholders with respect to the approval of the transaction described herein. When completed, the information statement will be mailed to Fogo s stockholders. Fogo may be filing other documents with the SEC as well. Stockholders will be able to obtain free copies of these documents (if and when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by Fogo de Ch o through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Fogo de Ch o will be available free of charge on Fogo de Ch o s internet website at https://fogodechao.com/ or by contacting Fogo de Ch o s Investor Relations by phone at (972) 361-6225. Forward Looking Statements Certain statements in this communication regarding the proposed transaction between Fogo de Ch o and Rh ne are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, ensure, expect, if, intend, estimate, probable, project, forecasts, predict, outlook, aim, will, could, should, would, potential, may, might, anticipate, likely plan, positioned, strategy, and similar expressions, and the negative thereof, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about Fogo de Ch o and Rh ne, may include projections of their respective future financial performance, their respective anticipated growth strategies and anticipated trends in their respective businesses. These statements are only predictions based on current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including the risk factors set forth in Fogo de Ch o s most recent report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other documents on file with the SEC and the factors given below: failure of Rh ne to obtain the financing required to consummate the proposed transaction; the failure to consummate or delay in consummating the proposed transaction for other reasons; the timing to consummate the proposed transaction; the risk that a condition to closing of the proposed transaction may not be satisfied; the risk that a regulatory approval that may be required for the proposed transaction is delayed, is not obtained, or is obtained subject to conditions that are not anticipated; and the diversion of management time to transaction-related issues. Fogo de Ch o s forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Fogo de Ch o believes to be reasonable but that may not prove to be accurate. Neither Fogo de Ch o nor Rh ne can guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither Fogo de Ch o nor Rh ne assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Fogo de Ch o and Rh ne assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof. Contacts: Media: ICR for Fogo de Ch o Alecia Pulman/Kate Ottavio Kent FogoPR@icrinc.com (646) 277-1200 Brunswick Group For Rh ne Brian Buckley/Charles Pretzlik +44 20 7404 5959 E-mail: bbuckley@brunswickgroup.com / cpretzlik@brunswickgroup.com Investors: ICR IR@fogodechao.com (972) 361-6225

Occidental Provides Update on Capital Spending and Cost Reductions HOUSTON, March 25, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: OXY) announced today a further reduction in 2020 capital spending to between $2.7 billion and $2.9 billion from its original 2020 guidance of $5.2 billion to $5.4 billion, a midpoint reduction of 47 percent. At current commodity prices, 2020 annual production from continuing operations is expected to be 1,275,000 to 1,305,000 BOEPD, a reduction of 6 percent compared to prior guidance of 1,360,000 to 1,390,000 BOEPD. The Company also announced it will reduce 2020 operating and corporate costs by at least $600 million compared to the original 2020 plan, including significant salary reductions for executive leadership. These cost reductions are in addition to previously announced operating and overhead synergies of $1.1 billion that are expected to be fully realized in 2020. The combination of synergy realizations and additional cost reductions is expected to reduce SG&A, Other Operating Expense, and Exploration Overhead to approximately $500 million on a future quarterly run-rate basis. Operating cost reductions are expected to lower 2020 domestic operating costs to approximately $7.00 per BOE. "We are making solid progress with additional cost reductions to help withstand the low commodity price environment and other macroeconomic pressures impacting our industry and the global economy," said President and Chief Executive Officer Vicki Hollub. "Based on our team's recent efforts, we now expect to significantly lower our costs in all aspects of the business. We will continue to take actions as necessary to further strengthen our balance sheet and ensure the long-term viability of our business." About Occidental Occidental is an international oil and gas exploration and production company with operations in the United States, Middle East and Latin America. We are the leading producer and largest acreage holder in the Permian Basin. Occidental is advancing a lower-carbon future with our subsidiary Oxy Low Carbon Ventures, which promotes innovative technologies that drive cost efficiencies and economically grow our business while reducing emissions. Occidental's midstream and marketing segment provides flow assurance for our oil and gas segment, while maximizing the value of our products. OxyChem, our chemical subsidiary, is among the top three U.S. producers for the principal products it manufactures and markets. Occidental posts or provides links to important information on our website at oxy.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to statements about Occidental's expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact are "forward-looking statements" for purposes of federal and state securities laws, and they include, but are not limited to: any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items or future financial position or sources of financing; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations or business strategy; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as "estimate," "project," "predict," "will," "would," "should," "could," "may," "might," "anticipate," "plan," "intend," "believe," "expect," "aim," "goal," "target," "objective," "likely" or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes are generally indicative of forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Unless legally required, Occidental does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although Occidental believes that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results may differ from anticipated results, sometimes materially. Factors that could cause results to differ from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to: global commodity price fluctuations; the extent to which Occidental is able to successfully integrate Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (Anadarko), manage expanded operations and realize the anticipated benefits of combining Occidental and Anadarko; Occidental's ability to successfully complete the sale of the remaining assets, liabilities, businesses and operations of Occidental's Africa assets and other planned divestitures; world health events; supply and demand considerations for Occidental's products; higher-than-expected costs; the regulatory approval environment; not successfully completing, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or dispositions; uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil and natural gas reserves; lower-than-expected production from development projects or acquisitions; exploration risks; disruptions to, capacity constraints in, or other limitations on the pipeline systems that deliver our oil and natural gas and other processing and transportation considerations; general economic slowdowns domestically or internationally; difficult and adverse conditions in the domestic and global capital and credit markets; the impact of potential changes in Occidental's credit ratings; uncertainty from the expected discontinuance of LIBOR and transition to any other interest rate benchmark; political conditions and events; liability under environmental regulations, including remedial actions; litigation; disruption or interruption of production or manufacturing or facility damage due to accidents, chemical releases, labor unrest, weather, natural disasters, cyber attacks or insurgent activity; failure of risk management; changes in law or regulations; reorganization or restructuring of Occidental's operations; changes in tax rates; actions by third parties that are beyond Occidental's control; and the ability to generate cash to fund operations and repay indebtedness. Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in Occidental's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including Occidental's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Contacts Media:Melissa E. Schoeb713-366-5615[email protected] or Investors:Jeff Alvarez713-215-7864[email protected] SOURCE Occidental Related Links http://www.oxy.com

VMware Enters Definitive Agreement to Acquire Carbon Black Combination creates highly differentiated, intrinsic security cloud that will protect workloads and clients through big data, behavioral analytics and AI $26 per share cash transaction, representing an Enterprise Value of $2.1 billion PALO ALTO, Calif., Aug. 22, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- VMware, Inc. (NYSE: VMW), a leading innovator in enterprise software, and Carbon Black (NASDAQ: CBLK), a leader in cloud-native endpoint protection, today announced that the companies have entered into a definitive agreement by which VMware will acquire Carbon Black in an all cash transaction for $26 per share, representing an enterprise value of $2.1 billion. Following the close of the transaction, VMware will be positioned to provide a highly differentiated, intrinsic security cloud that will better protect enterprise workloads and clients through big data, behavioral analytics and AI. Carbon Black is a leading next-generation security cloud provider with more than 5,600 customers and 500 partners globally. The company s innovative cloud-native security platform leverages big data and behavioral analytics to provide comprehensive endpoint protection against even the most advanced cyberattacks. The combination of Carbon Black s solutions with VMware s security offerings, including AppDefense, Workspace ONE, NSX and SecureState, will create a modern security cloud platform for any application, running on any cloud, on any device. This combined offering will provide customers advanced threat detection and in-depth application behavior insight to stop sophisticated attacks and accelerate responses. The distribution and enterprise reach of VMware and Dell will further accelerate the adoption of Carbon Black in the enterprise, both through direct selling and through partners, including leading managed security players, channel partners and system integrators. The security industry is broken and ineffective with too many fragmented solutions and no cohesive platform architecture. By bringing Carbon Black into the VMware family, we are now taking a huge step forward in security and delivering an enterprise-grade platform to administer and protect workloads, applications and networks, said Pat Gelsinger, CEO, VMware. With this acquisition, VMware will also take a significant leadership position in security for the new age of modern applications delivered from any cloud to any device. Today marks an exciting milestone for Carbon Black, VMware and the entire cybersecurity industry, said Patrick Morley, CEO, Carbon Black. We now have the opportunity to seamlessly integrate Carbon Black s cloud-native endpoint protection platform into all of VMware s control points. This type of bold move is exactly what the IT and security industries have been looking to see for a very long time. We look forward to working with the VMware team to continue delivering a modern security cloud platform to customers around the world. Additionally, we re pleased that today s transaction provides Carbon Black s shareholders with immediate and substantial value. DETAILS REGARDING THE TRANSACTION Under the terms of the transaction, which is structured as a cash tender offer, Carbon Black shareholders who validly tender (and do not properly withdraw) their shares in Carbon Black, will receive $26 per share in cash, representing an enterprise value of $2.1 billion. The transaction is expected to be funded through cash on the balance sheet, and by accessing short-term borrowing capacity. Closing of the transaction is expected in the second half of VMware s fiscal year 2020, ending January 31, 2020, and is subject to customary conditions, including, VMware s acquisition of at least a majority of the shares of Carbon Black, and the expiration or termination of the required waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, among others. Advisors J.P. Morgan Securities LLC served as financial advisor and Morrison & Foerster LLP served as legal counsel to VMware. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC served as exclusive financial advisor and Goodwin Procter LLP served as legal counsel to Carbon Black. Investor Conference Call The company will host a previously announced conference call today at 1:30 p.m. PT/ 4:30 p.m. ET to review financial results, discuss the proposed transaction, and business outlook. A live web broadcast of the event will be available on the VMware investor relations website at http://ir.vmware.com . Slides will accompany the web broadcast. The replay of the webcast and slides will be available on the website for two months. In addition, six quarters of historical data for unearned revenue will also be made available at http://ir.vmware.com in conjunction with the conference call. About Carbon Black Carbon Black (NASDAQ: CBLK) is a leader in cloud-native endpoint protection dedicated to keeping the world safe from cyberattacks. The CB Predictive Security Cloud (PSC) consolidates endpoint protection and IT operations into an endpoint protection platform (EPP) that prevents advanced threats, provides actionable insight and enables businesses of all sizes to simplify operations. By analyzing billions of security events per day across the globe, Carbon Black has key insights into attackers behaviors, enabling customers to detect, respond to and stop emerging attacks. More than 5,600 global customers, including approximately one third of the Fortune 100, trust Carbon Black to protect their organizations from cyberattacks. The company s partner ecosystem features more than 500 MSSPs, VARs, distributors and technology integrations, as well as many of the world s leading IR firms, who use Carbon Black s technology in more than 500 breach investigations per year. Carbon Black and CB Predictive Security Cloud are registered trademarks or trademarks of Carbon Black, Inc. in the United States and other jurisdictions. Additional Resources About VMware VMware software powers the world s complex digital infrastructure. The company s cloud, networking and security, and digital workspace offerings provide a dynamic and efficient digital foundation to customers globally, aided by an extensive ecosystem of partners. Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, VMware is committed to being a force for good, from its breakthrough innovations to its global impact. For more information, please visit https://www.vmware.com/company.html . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements including, among other things, statements regarding the proposed acquisition of Carbon Black by VMware, such as: the amount and type of consideration expected to be paid for each acquisition; the net cash and equity payouts and dilutive impact on VMware; the sources of funding for the acquisitions, including VMware s ability to access short-term borrowing; the expected timing for the acquisitions; the growth opportunities and expansion of VMware s offerings associated with each acquisition and potential benefits to VMware and its customers. These forward-looking statements are subject to the safe harbor provisions created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risk factors, including but not limited to: (1) the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to closing the proposed acquisition (including the failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals) in the anticipated timeframe or at all; (2) uncertainties as to how many of Carbon Black s stockholders will tender their shares in the tender offer; (3) the possibility that the acquisition does not close; (4) the possibility that competing offers may be made; (5) risks related to obtaining the requisite consents to the acquisition, including, without limitation, the timing (including possible delays) and receipt of regulatory approvals from various governmental entities (including any conditions, limitations or restrictions placed on these approvals and the risk that one or more governmental entities may deny approval); (6) risks related to the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed acquisition, including the possibility that the expected benefits from the proposed acquisition will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period; (7) the risk that the business will not be integrated successfully; (8) disruption from the transaction making it more difficult to maintain business and operational relationships; (9) negative effects of this announcement or the consummation of the proposed acquisition on the market price of VMware s common stock, credit ratings and operating results; (10) the risk of litigation and regulatory actions related to the proposed acquisition; (11) other business effects, including the effects of industry, market, economic, political or regulatory conditions; and (12) other unexpected costs or delays in connection with the acquisition. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release, are based on current expectations and are subject to uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value and effect as well as other risks detailed in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including VMware s and Carbon Black s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K that we may file from time to time, which could cause actual results to vary from expectations. VMware and Carbon Black assume no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this release. Additional Information about the Carbon Black Tender Offer and Where to Find It The tender offer referenced in this communication has not yet commenced. This communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell Carbon Black securities, nor is it a substitute for the tender offer materials that VMware and its acquisition subsidiary will file with the SEC. The solicitation and offer to buy Carbon Black stock will only be made pursuant to an Offer to Purchase and related tender offer materials. At the time the tender offer is commenced, VMware and its acquisition subsidiary will file a tender offer statement on Schedule TO and thereafter Carbon Black will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with the SEC with respect to the tender offer. THE TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING AN OFFER TO PURCHASE, A RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND CERTAIN OTHER TENDER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT ON SCHEDULE 14D-9 WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. CARBON BLACK STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT HOLDERS OF CARBON BLACK SECURITIES SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING THEIR SECURITIES. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, will be made available to all holders of Carbon Black stock at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be made available for free at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting VMware or Carbon Black. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Carbon Black will be available free of charge on Carbon Black internet website at [https://investors.carbonblack.com/financial-information/sec-filings] or by contacting Carbon Black s Investor Relations Department at [646-277-1251]. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by VMware will be available free of charge on VMware s internet website at https://ir.vmware.com/overview/sec-filings/default.aspx or by contacting VMware s Investor Relations Department at (650) 427-4631. In addition to the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, VMware and Carbon Black each file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. VMware s and Carbon Black s filings with the SEC are available to the public on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . Contacts Michael Thacker VMware Global PR mthacker@vmware.com 650-427-4454 Paul Ziots VMware Investor Relations pziots@vmware.com 650-427-3267

Aramark Awarded Management Contract for Lockheed Martin Center for Leadership Excellence PHILADELPHIA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Lockheed Martin announced today Aramark (NYSE: ARMK), a global leader in food, facilities and uniforms, has been selected to manage comprehensive hospitality services for Lockheed Martin s Center for Leadership Excellence (CLE). The CLE is a 300,000-square-foot conference center and lodging facility located adjacent to Lockheed Martin s Corporate Headquarters in Bethesda, Md., that supports company training courses, business meetings and conferences. The center includes a 250-seat amphitheater, eight large training rooms, 18 conference rooms, two full service restaurants and a fitness center for employees. We re excited to partner with Lockheed Martin and are honored to have been selected to manage the prestigious Center for Leadership Excellence, said Bruce W. Fears, President of Aramark s Leisure division. We understand that the employees and guests of the CLE and corporate headquarters are Lockheed Martin s most important resource and we look forward to providing outstanding services and experiences to everyone who utilizes these facilities. As the property s operator, Aramark will provide a wide array of services, including: Aramark, which will commence operations on January 1, 2020, manages 58 premier hotels, conference centers and corporate leadership sites across the country. As part of the agreement, Aramark will also oversee executive staff dining and catering operations at Lockheed Martin s Corporate Headquarters. About Aramark Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) proudly serves Fortune 500 companies, world champion sports teams, state-of-the-art healthcare providers, the world s leading educational institutions, iconic destinations and cultural attractions, and numerous municipalities in 19 countries around the world. Our 270,000 team members deliver experiences that enrich and nourish millions of lives every day through innovative services in food, facilities management and uniforms. We operate our business with social responsibility, focusing on initiatives that support our diverse workforce, advance consumer health and wellness, protect our environment, and strengthen our communities. Aramark is recognized as one of the World s Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE, as well as an employer of choice by the Human Rights Campaign and Diversity Inc. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.

Golar LNG Partners LP and Golar Power Ltd. enter into cooperation agreement to develop LNG terminals from Golar LNG Partners LP s asset portfolio Golar LNG Partners LP ( Golar Partners , GMLP or the Partnership ) and Golar Power Ltd. ( Golar Power ) have entered into a cooperation agreement where the parties intend to work together to develop hub-spoke LNG terminal solutions utilizing GMLP s available asset portfolio, where GMLP s assets are technically suitable. The terms and structure of the commercial cooperation will be worked on a project by project basis given the customized nature of each potential terminal. As part of the agreement, Golar Power and Golar Partners have agreed to terminate the existing Omnibus agreement between the entities. Karl Fredrik Staubo, CEO of Golar LNG Partners LP commented. We are excited to formalize a commercial cooperation with Golar Power, to leverage the expertise of the Golar Power team to develop FSRU terminals and parcel regasification demand. This agreement will, alongside normal FSRU tendering activity, increase the Partnership s re-contracting options, and provide an opportunity to potentially earn higher returns than standard FSRU contracts. The Partnership s assets provide an opportunity to fast-track global terminal opportunities that should benefit both parties. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning future events and the Partnership s operations, performance and financial condition. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words believe , anticipate , expect , estimate , project , will be , will continue , will likely result , plan , intend or words or phrases of similar meanings. Such statements are generally not historical in nature and specifically include statements about the Partnership s plans, strategies, business prospects and changes and trends in the business in which it operates. In particular, statements regarding the Partnership s cash distributions and common unit repurchase plan are considered forward looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks and are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Partnership s control. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Partnership to predict all of these factors. Further, the Partnership cannot assess the impact of each such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The Partnership does not intend to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Partnership s expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Golar LNG Partners LP Hamilton, Bermuda August 31, 2020 Questions should be directed to: c/o Golar Management Ltd - +44 207 063 7900 Karl Staubo Stuart Buchanan This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act

Portola Pharmaceuticals Receives FDA Orphan Drug Designation for Cerdulatinib, an Oral Syk/JAK Inhibitor for the Treatment of Peripheral T-Cell Lymphoma SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Sept. 25, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Portola Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: PTLA) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Orphan Drug Designation to cerdulatinib, an investigational, oral Syk/JAK inhibitor for the treatment of peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL). We are pleased that the FDA has granted cerdulatinib Orphan Drug Designation, as it recognizes its potential to provide a significant clinical benefit to a group of patients with limited treatment options, said John Curnutte, M.D., Ph.D., Portola s interim co-president and head of research and development. We look forward to presenting additional data from the Phase 2a trial at a scientific congress early next year and to continuing discussions with the FDA regarding next steps for the development of cerdulatinib, including the potential for an accelerated approval pathway. The FDA's Office of Orphan Products Development grants orphan status to support development of medicines for the treatment of rare diseases that affect fewer than 200,000 people in the United States. Orphan Drug Designation may provide certain benefits, including a seven-year period of market exclusivity if the drug is approved, tax credits for qualified clinical trials and an exemption from FDA market application fees. About PTCL PTCL is a group of rare and often fast-growing lymphomas classified as a subtype of non-Hodgkin s lymphoma. There are approximately 6,000 to 10,000 cases of PTCL annually in the United States. The three most common types of PTCL are anaplastic large cell lymphoma (ALCL), angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma (AITL), and PTCL not otherwise specified (PTCL-NOS), but many other rarer types exist. PTCL is most often treated with a combination of chemotherapies and the options for patients that fail front-line therapy are limited. About Cerdulatinib Cerdulatinib is an investigational oral, dual spleen tyrosine kinase (Syk) and janus kinase (JAK) inhibitor that uniquely inhibits two key cell signaling pathways implicated in certain hematologic malignancies and autoimmune diseases. There is a strong rationale for inhibiting both Syk (B-cell receptor pathway) and JAK (cytokine receptors) in B-cell malignancies where both targets have been shown to promote cancer cell growth and survival. In addition, pre-clinical data suggest an important role for Syk and JAK in peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL) tumor survival. In addition to PTCL, cerdulatinib is being evaluated in an ongoing Phase 2a study among patients with other specific subtypes of B-cell and T-cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (NHL), including relapsed/refractory follicular lymphoma (FL) and chronic lymphocytic lymphoma/small lymphocytic lymphoma (CLL/SLL). The Company reported new data from this study in June at both the 2018 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting and at the 23rd Congress of the European Hematology Association (EHA). Cerdulatinib demonstrated broad clinical activity including an objective response rate of 47 percent in all patients, and was generally well tolerated. Additionally, seven of the 20 patients in the PTCL cohort achieved a complete response at the time of presentation. About Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Portola Pharmaceuticals is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of novel therapeutics that could significantly advance the fields of thrombosis and other hematologic diseases. The Company s two FDA-approved medicines are Andexxa [coagulation factor Xa (recombinant), inactivated-zhzo], the first and only antidote for patients treated with rivaroxaban and apixaban when reversal of anticoagulation is needed due to life-threatening or uncontrolled bleeding, and Bevyxxa (betrixaban), the first and only oral, once-daily Factor Xa inhibitor for the prevention of VTE in adult patients hospitalized for an acute medical illness. The company also is advancing cerdulatinib, a Syk/JAK inhibitor for the treatment of hematologic cancers. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding next steps for the development of cerdulatinib, including the potential for an accelerated approval pathway in the U.S. for certain tumor subtypes. Risks that contribute to the uncertain nature of the forward-looking statements include: failure to obtain FDA agreement to an accelerated or other regulatory approval pathway, regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; our expectation that we will incur losses for the foreseeable future and will need additional funds to finance our operations; the accuracy of our estimates regarding our ability to initiate and/or complete our clinical trials and the timing and expense of these trials; the results of our clinical trials related to the efficacy and safety of our product candidates; our potential inability to manufacture our product candidates on a commercial scale in a timely or cost-efficient manner; the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses and capital requirements; our ability to successfully build a hospital-based sales force and commercial infrastructure; our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates; and our ability to retain key scientific or management personnel. These and other risks and uncertainties are described more fully in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which they were made. We undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made. Investor Contact: Cara Miller Portola Pharmaceuticals IR@portola.com Media Contact: Patrick Ryan Pure Communications pryan@purecommunications.com

Gladstone Investment Corporation Announces Adjournment of 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders MCLEAN, Va., Aug. 06, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Gladstone Investment Corporation (Nasdaq: GAIN) (the Company ) held its 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) on Thursday, August 6, 2020. To solicit additional votes to establish a quorum for the Annual Meeting, the meeting was adjourned until Thursday, August 20, 2020 at 11:00 a.m. EDT, and will reconvene at that time as a live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GAIN2020 . We are encouraged by the positive support that we have received to date from a significant number of our stockholders, stated David Dullum, President of the Company. We ask our stockholders who have not yet voted their shares to please do so as soon as possible and we thank all of our stockholders for their continued support. If you have not yet voted, we urge you to vote by phone or through the internet using the instructions provided on your proxy ballot. You may also contact Georgeson LLC, the Company s proxy solicitor, to vote your shares at (800) 903-2897. Representatives from Georgeson are available to take your call Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. EDT or 11:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. EDT on Saturdays. Important Information Stockholders are strongly advised to read the proxy statement (filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) on June 15, 2020) carefully before making any voting decision, as it contains important information. The proxy statement and the Company s most recent annual report are available at www.proxyvote.com . Further, these documents and any other materials filed by the Company with the SEC can be obtained free of charge at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov or from the Company s website at www.gladstoneinvestment.com . Gladstone Investment Corporation is a publicly traded business development company that seeks to make debt and equity investments in lower middle market businesses in the United States in connection with acquisitions, changes in control and recapitalizations. Source: Gladstone Investment Corporation For further information: Gladstone Investment Corporation, +1-703-287-5893

Mylan Announces FDA Approval of Wixela Inhub (fluticasone propionate and salmeterol inhalation powder, USP), First Generic of ADVAIR DISKUS (fluticasone propionate and salmeterol inhalation powder) Wixela Inhub is the first FDA approved therapeutically equivalent generic of ADVAIR DISKUS (fluticasone propionate and salmeterol inhalation powder) for certain patients with asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) As a therapeutic equivalent, Wixela Inhub can be expected to have the same safety and efficacy profile as ADVAIR DISKUS FDA approval reinforces Mylan's commitment and relentless pursuit to increase access to complex treatment options for respiratory patients HERTFORDSHIRE, England and PITTSBURGH, Jan. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ: MYL) today announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval of Wixela Inhub (fluticasone propionate and salmeterol inhalation powder, USP), the first generic of ADVAIR DISKUS . Experience the interactive Multichannel News Release here: https://www.multivu.com/players/English/8094853-mylan-wixela-inhub-asthma-fda-approval/ Mylan Wixela Inhub will launch in the second half of February incorporating the latest safety information required by FDA earlier this month, which prompted an amendment to the label for certain inhaled corticosteroids, including ADVAIR DISKUS and any generic versions. Wixela Inhub will be available in the 100 mcg/50 mcg, 250 mcg/50 mcg and 500 mcg/50 mcg strengths for asthma patients and the 250 mcg/50 mcg strength for COPD patients. Mylan CEO Heather Bresch commented, "Mylan remains steadfast in its efforts to expand patient access to medicines, and the FDA approval of Wixela Inhub reinforces our commitment to provide patients greater choice and lower-cost alternatives. This milestone represents the culmination of an extensive research and development program and Mylan's more than $700 million of investment. We're proud of our Wixela Inhub team, who worked tirelessly and in close collaboration with the FDA to bring this important medicine to market and add it to our growing global portfolio of more than 700 respiratory products. As one of the leading providers of prescription medicines in the U.S., we continue to execute on our mission and do our part to reduce costs for patients and identify pathways that help increase sustainability for the U.S. healthcare system overall."Wixela Inhub is indicated for the twice daily treatment of asthma in patients age 4 and older not adequately controlled on long-term asthma control medications or whose disease warrants initiation of treatment with both inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting beta agonists; maintenance treatment of COPD; and the reduction of COPD exacerbations in patients with a history of exacerbations. It is not indicated for the relief of acute bronchospasm.Mylan President Rajiv Malik added, "We're pleased to offer the first FDA-approved generic of ADVAIR DISKUS, one of the leading treatments for asthma and COPD management today. We've long been confident in the science around this product and are proud of the dedication of our scientific teams to bring Wixela Inhub to market. This complex product required a rigorous research and development program spanning over a decade and close collaboration with FDA to define the regulatory pathway. We also are proud to manufacture Wixela Inhub in our own state-of-the-art plant. This approval reinforces our ongoing commitment to increase access to more affordable treatment options for patients." The research and development program for Wixela Inhub compared all strengths of treatment to ADVAIR DISKUS in order to meet the FDA requirements of therapeutic equivalence for a substitutable generic. In the 28-day, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study of 1,128 adult asthma patients conducted to evaluate the local (lung) bioequivalence of Wixela Inhub 100 mcg/50 mcg and ADVAIR DISKUS 100 mcg/50 mcg, the two treatments produced equivalent efficacy. Both treatments were safe and well-tolerated with lower numbers of withdrawals due to asthma compared to the placebo group. The study included both naive and current users of ADVAIR DISKUS."Patients enrolled in clinical trials found Wixela Inhub easy-to-use and highly effective at controlling their asthma in a clinical bioequivalence study. Asthma and respiratory specialists and primary care providers welcome this generic alternative to benefit many patients with asthma and COPD. We have waited for years for generic inhalers to emerge in respiratory medicine," said Edward Kerwin, MD of Crisor LLC, a division of the Clinical Research Institute located in Medford, Ore. and a Clinical Investigator on the Wixela Inhub clinical program.ADVAIR DISKUS had U.S. sales of $4.2 billion for the 12 months ending November 30, 2018, according to IQVIA.About MylanMylan is a global pharmaceutical company committed to setting new standards in healthcare. Working together around the world to provide 7 billion people access to high quality medicine, we innovate to satisfy unmet needs; make reliability and service excellence a habit; do what's right, not what's easy; and impact the future through passionate global leadership. We offer a growing portfolio of more than 7,500 marketed products around the world, including antiretroviral therapies on which more than 40% of people being treated for HIV/AIDS globally depend. We market our products in more than 165 countries and territories. We are one of the world's largest producers of active pharmaceutical ingredients. Every member of our more than 35,000-strong workforce is dedicated to creating better health for a better world, one person at a time. Learn more at Mylan.com. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at investor.mylan.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes statements that constitute "forward-looking statements," including with regard to statements that as a therapeutic equivalent, Wixela Inhub can be expected to have the same safety and efficacy profile as ADVAIR DISKUS; that Wixela Inhub will launch in the second half of February incorporating the latest safety information required by FDA earlier this month, which prompted an amendment to the label for certain corticosteroids, including ADVAIR DISKUS and any generic versions; and that Wixela Inhub will be available in the 100 mcg/50 mcg, 250 mcg/50 mcg and 500 mcg/50 mcg strengths for asthma patients and the 250 mcg/50 mcg strength for COPD patients. These statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Because forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties, actual future results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to any changes in, interruptions to, or difficulties with Mylan's or its partners' ability to develop, manufacture, and commercialize products; the effect of any changes in Mylan's or its partners' customer and supplier relationships and customer purchasing patterns; other changes in third-party relationships; the impact of competition; changes in the economic and financial conditions of the businesses of Mylan or its partners; the scope, timing, and outcome of any ongoing legal proceedings and the impact of any such proceedings on Mylan's or its partners' business; any regulatory, legal, or other impediments to Mylan's or its partners' ability to bring products to market; actions and decisions of healthcare and pharmaceutical regulators, and changes in healthcare and pharmaceutical laws and regulations, in the United States and abroad; Mylan's and its partners' ability to protect intellectual property and preserve intellectual property rights; risks associated with international operations; other uncertainties and matters beyond the control of management; and the other risks detailed in Mylan's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Mylan undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release.SOURCE Mylan N.V. Related Links http://www.mylan.com

Marinus Pharmaceuticals Announces Positive Top-Line Results With Ganaxolone in Phase 2 Refractory Status Epilepticus Trial All patients achieved the primary endpoint Target Phase 3 dose identified Preparing for End-of-Phase 2 meeting with FDA Oral platform presentation at Neurocritical Care Society meeting in October Conference call and live webcast to be held today at 8:30 AM ET RADNOR, Pa., Sept. 26, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: MRNS) ( Marinus or Company ), a pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of innovative therapeutics to treat epilepsy, depression and other neuropsychiatric disorders, today announced that it has completed the top-line analysis of the open-label, dose-finding Phase 2 study evaluating intravenous (IV) ganaxolone in patients with refractory status epilepticus (RSE). Ganaxolone met the primary endpoint in the study with no patients (n=17) progressing to IV anesthetics within 24 hours of treatment initiation. Ganaxolone had an acceptable safety and tolerability profile for the RSE patient population in all dose groups. The data have been accepted for an oral platform presentation at the Neurocritical Care Society 17th Annual Meeting in October. Lawrence Hirsch, M.D., Professor of Neurology; Chief, Division of Epilepsy and EEG; and Co-Director of the Yale Comprehensive Epilepsy Center and Critical Care EEG Monitoring Program commented, Maintaining control of status epilepticus without progressing to additional IV anesthetics or antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) is a remarkable clinical response to IV ganaxolone treatment. This outcome is particularly impressive given all study participants, with diverse disease etiology, had failed up to four prior AEDs. The rapid onset of activity is equally important in this patient population as a number of published studies support that stopping status earlier is a key factor in improving both short and long-term patient outcomes. Top-line Efficacy Data: Cohort No escalation to IV anesthetics within 24 hours from infusion initiation (Primary Endpoint) Status-free at 24 hours from infusion initiation No escalation to additional IV AEDs or IV anesthetics for status relapse at any time through the follow-up period* Target (713 mg/day; n=8) 100% (8 of 8) 88% (7 of 8) 100% (8 of 8) Medium (650 mg/day; n=4) 100% (4 of 4) 100% (4 of 4) 75% (3 of 4) Low (500 mg/day; n=5) 100% (5 of 5) 100% (5 of 5) 60% (3 of 5) *Follow up period equals end of taper to 24 hours post taper Median time to status cessation was 5 minutes (n=15 evaluable). Positive trends in health outcomes such as length of hospital stay were noted for the patients treated with ganaxolone IV at the target dose. Additional secondary efficacy data including four-week follow up data and health outcome measures are still being collected and analyzed, and will be announced at a later date. All patients who received the target dose of ganaxolone, regardless of underlying cause of status, experienced status cessation without progression to additional second line AEDs or third line anesthesia, commented Dr. Scott Braunstein, Chief Executive Officer of Marinus. These data give us confidence in our IV dose selection as we make preparations for advancing into Phase 3 with our first hospital-based ganaxolone indication. I would like to thank the study investigators, patients and their families for participating in this important study. Safety Data: Ganaxolone was shown to have an acceptable safely profile for the RSE patient population in all dose groups. There were 10 serious adverse events (SAEs); 8 were considered not related to treatment and two were considered treatment-related (TRSAEs). The TRSAEs were severe sedation in two patients that led to early ganaxolone discontinuation; one in the medium dose group on Day 3 and one in the target dose group on Day 1. There were 50 adverse events (AEs), thirteen of which were treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) reported in 7 patients. The most commonly reported TRAEs were somnolence, mild hypotension and sedation. Henrikas Vaitkevicius, M.D., Neurologist at Brigham and Women s Hospital, Assistant Professor at Harvard Medical School and Study Investigator, commented, Status epilepticus is a life threatening condition with limited therapeutic options that are associated with significant systemic toxicities which frequently affect patient outcomes. Neurosteroids, as a group, seem to have no or minimal activity on targets outside of the central nervous system, making these compounds potentially safer and much easier to use in this extremely complex and sick patient population. Indeed, in patients we treated at our center, IV ganaxolone had rapid onset and offset effects with minimal to no effects on cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, hepatic or renal organ systems, making it an exciting potential addition to the ICU armamentarium to treat refractory seizures. I believe these data may represent the emergence of a new treatment paradigm for RSE with primary objective to rapidly break status and prevent progression to third line treatments including anesthesia. The Phase 2 RSE proof-of-concept clinical trial is an open-label, efficacy, safety and PK, dose-finding study conducted at 8 sites in the U.S. The study enrolled 17 medically heterogeneous patients that received an infusion of IV ganaxolone (adjunctive to second line standard of care AED) for up to 96 hours followed by a taper. The three dose groups studied were a low dose (500 mg/day), medium dose (650 mg/day) and target dose (713 mg/day). RSE patients enrolled into the study had failed a mean of 2.1 second line IV AEDs. The primary endpoint for the study is prevention of progression to third line IV anesthetics within the first 24 hours post treatment initiation. Secondary endpoints included safety, tolerability and other efficacy analyses. Additional efficacy and safety data have been accepted for an oral platform presentation at the Neurocritical Care Society 17th Annual Meeting on October 16, 2019 at 2:15 pm PDT in Vancouver, Canada. Only 11 out of over 400 submitted abstracts have been selected for this honor. Marinus is making preparations for an End-of-Phase 2 meeting with the FDA to discuss next steps towards a potential Phase 3 pivotal study. In parallel, the Company is evaluating a new ready-to-use dose formulation that does not require compounding, mixing or diluting. This will enable immediate administration at the bedside and ensure patients receive the benefits of treatment as rapidly as possible. This new formulation will be evaluated in a few additional patients with data to be included in the End-of-Phase 2 meeting, anticipated in Q1 2020. Conference Call and Webcast Details Marinus will host a conference call and live webcast with slides today at 8:30 a.m. ET. Stockholders and other interested parties may participate in the call by dialing 877-705-6003 (domestic) or 201-493-6725 (international) and referencing conference ID number 13694692. The live webcast can be accessed on the investor page of Marinus website at https://www.marinuspharma.com/investors. A replay will be available on Marinus website approximately two hours after completion of the event and will be archived for up to 30 days. About RSE Status epilepticus (SE) is a rare epileptic seizure of prolonged duration, lasting more than five minutes for convulsive seizures or 30 minutes for non-convulsive. It is believed to affect approximately 75,000 patients in the U.S. each year. SE is a true medical emergency that can cause permanent damage to the brain and even death if not quickly brought under control. SE is first treated with IV benzodiazepines then IV anti-epileptic drugs. Patients that fail second line treatment with IV AEDs, are considered to be in refractory status epilepticus (RSE). There are currently no indicated treatments for refractory RSE. The primary treatment goals of clinicians treating SE are; to stop the patient from seizing immediately, assess and resolve the underlying medical condition, and move the patient towards discharge from the hospital as quickly as possible. About Ganaxolone Ganaxolone, a positive allosteric modulator of GABA A , is being developed in three different dose forms (intravenous, capsule and liquid) intended to maximize therapeutic reach to adult and pediatric patient populations in both acute and chronic care settings. Unlike benzodiazepines, ganaxolone exhibits anti-seizure and anti-anxiety activity via its effects on synaptic and extrasynaptic GABA A receptors. Ganaxolone has been studied in more than 1,600 subjects, both pediatric and adult, at therapeutically relevant dose levels and treatment regimens for up to four years. In these studies, ganaxolone was generally safe and well-tolerated. The most commonly reported adverse events were somnolence, dizziness and fatigue. About Marinus Pharmaceuticals Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of ganaxolone, which offers a new mechanism of action, demonstrated efficacy and safety, and convenient dosing to improve the lives of patients suffering from epilepsy and depression. Ganaxolone is a positive allosteric modulator of GABA A that acts on a well-characterized target in the brain known to have anti-seizure, anti-depressant and anti-anxiety effects. Ganaxolone is being developed in IV and oral dose forms intended to maximize therapeutic reach to adult and pediatric patient populations in both acute and chronic care settings. Marinus is conducting the first ever pivotal studies in children with CDKL5 deficiency disorder and PCDH19-related epilepsy and has recently release top-line data from Phase 2 studies in women with postpartum depression and patients with refractory status epilepticus. For more information visit www.marinuspharma.com . Please follow us on Twitter: @MarinusPharma.

Esperion Announces FDA Approval of the NEXLIZET (bempedoic acid and ezetimibe) Tablet, an Oral, Once-Daily, Non-Statin LDL-Cholesterol Lowering Medicine - NEXLIZET Lowered LDL-C by 38 Percent Compared to Placebo when Added on to Maximally Tolerated Statins - - First Non-Statin, LDL-Cholesterol Lowering Combination Medicine Ever Approved - - Esperion s Second Oral, Once-Daily, Non-Statin LDL-Cholesterol Lowering Medicine Approved in the U.S. Following NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) Tablet Approval on February 21, 2020 - - Further Underscores Esperion s Commitment to Patient Affordability - - Conference Call and Webcast on Thursday, February 27 at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time - ANN ARBOR, Mich., Feb. 26, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Esperion (NASDAQ:ESPR) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved NEXLIZET (bempedoic acid and ezetimibe) tablet, an oral, once-daily, non-statin LDL-Cholesterol (LDL-C), lowering medicine. NEXLIZET is indicated as an adjunct to diet and maximally tolerated statin therapy for the treatment of adults with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HeFH) or established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), who require additional lowering of LDL-C. The effect of NEXLIZET on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has not been determined. NEXLIZET is the first non-statin, LDL-C lowering combination medicine ever approved. This approval follows the approval of NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) tablet last week. NEXLIZET contains bempedoic acid and ezetimibe and lowers elevated LDL-C through complementary mechanisms of action by inhibiting cholesterol synthesis in the liver and absorption in the intestine. The approval of NEXLIZET underscores Esperion s commitment to providing patients and their healthcare providers with innovative non-statin medicines that fit into their everyday routines to lower elevated levels of bad cholesterol in adult patients with ASCVD or HeFH on maximally tolerated statins. This is the first non-statin combination medicine ever approved for lowering LDL-C, said Tim M. Mayleben, president and chief executive officer of Esperion. We are truly grateful to all of the patients and healthcare providers who put their confidence in Esperion s team of lipid experts. LDL-C is a waxy, fat-like substance that s found in the body. Elevated LDL-C contributes to a buildup of this fat in the arteries and can lead to cardiovascular events including heart attack and stroke. Despite standard of care treatments, it is estimated nearly 15 million ASCVD or HeFH patients on maximally tolerated statins in the U.S. cannot achieve guideline recommended LDL-C levels. NEXLIZET provides significant additional LDL-C lowering for adult patients with ASCVD or HeFH when added to maximally tolerated statin medicine, including those patients for whom maximally tolerated statin may be no statin at all, said Christie M. Ballantyne, M.D., chairman of Esperion s Phase 3 Executive Committee and professor and chief of cardiology at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston. I believe this one-of-a-kind combination medicine which has two complementary, non-statin medications can provide highly effective additional reductions in LDL-C when added to statin therapy. It also has the conventional, oral, once-daily administration which can prove beneficial to patients struggling to meet their cholesterol goals with the currently available statin options in their daily regimen. The approval of NEXLIZET is supported by the Phase 3 Fixed Combination Drug Product LDL-C Lowering program, as well as safety data from the NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) tablet global pivotal Phase 3 LDL-C lowering program and the existing ezetimibe safety profile. NEXLIZET lowered LDL-C by a mean of 38 percent compared to placebo when added on to maximally tolerated statins. Results have been published in The European Journal of Preventative Cardiology. NEXLIZET was generally well-tolerated in a pivotal Phase 3 study. Label warnings and precautions include hyperuricemia, with the development of gout in a small percentage of patients, as well as an increased risk of tendon rupture or injury. The most common adverse events reported in the development program (incidence 2% and greater than placebo) were generally reported at similar rates in patients who received placebo and were upper respiratory tract infection, muscle spasms, hyperuricemia, back pain, abdominal pain or discomfort, bronchitis, pain in extremity, anemia, elevated liver enzymes, diarrhea, arthralgia, sinusitis fatigue, influenza. The majority of adverse events reported with NEXLIZET were mild to moderate in severity. For additional information on NEXLIZET, please see Full Prescribing Information at Esperion.com. Today s approval further underscores Esperion s commitment to deliver our medicines to adult patients suffering from ASCVD or HeFH and who are unable to reach their LDL-C goals on maximally tolerated statins. Esperion is working with health insurance providers to help ensure broad insurance coverage and patient access to our medicines. Eligible patients with commercial drug insurance coverage for our medicines may pay as little as $10 per fill, up to a 3-month supply. To ensure access, both NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET will be priced at parity. Additionally, Esperion is committed to achieving the lowest branded tier coverage for Medicare patients. Esperion will provide resources to patients whose physician recommends treatment with NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) or NEXLIZET. These resources include educational materials, a dedicated call center, as well as a co-pay program for eligible patients. NEXLIZET will be commercially available for U.S. patients in July 2020. NEXLETOL will be commercially available for U.S. patients on March 30, 2020. Both NEXLETOL and NEXLIZET will be available by prescription only. Conference Call and Webcast Information Esperion's Lipid Management Team will host a conference call and webcast on Thursday, February 27 at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss the approval and upcoming commercial launch. The call can be accessed by dialing (877) 312-7508 (domestic) or (253) 237-1184 (international) five minutes prior to the start of the call and providing the access code 1079274. A live audio webcast can be accessed on the investors and media section of the Esperion website at investor.esperion.com . Access to the webcast replay will be available approximately two hours after completion of the call and will be archived on the Company's website for approximately 90 days. NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) Tablet NEXLETOL is a first-in-class ATP Citrate Lyase (ACL) inhibitor that lowers LDL-C by reducing cholesterol biosynthesis and up-regulating the LDL receptors. Completed Phase 3 studies conducted in more than 3,000 patients, with over 2,000 patients treated with NEXLETOL , demonstrated an average 18 percent placebo corrected LDL-C lowering when used in patients on moderate or high-intensity statins. NEXLETOL is the first oral, once-daily, non-statin LDL-C lowering medicine approved in the U.S. in nearly 20 years for patients with ASCVD or HeFH. NEXLETOL was approved by the FDA in February 2020. Indication and Limitation of Use NEXLETOL is indicated as an adjunct to diet and maximally tolerated statin therapy for the treatment of adults with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia or established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease who require additional lowering of LDL-C. The effect of NEXLETOL on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has not been determined. Important Safety Information Warnings and Precautions: Elevations in serum uric acid have occurred. Assess uric acid levels periodically as clinically indicated. Monitor for signs and symptoms of hyperuricemia, and initiate treatment with urate-lowering drugs as appropriate. The risk for gout events with NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) tablet was higher in patients with a prior history of gout although gout also occurred more frequently than placebo in patients treated with NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) tablet who had no prior gout history. Tendon rupture has occurred. Discontinue NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) tablet at the first sign of tendon rupture. Avoid NEXLETOL (bempedoic acid) tablet in patients who have a history of tendon disorders or tendon rupture. Adverse Reactions: The most common (incidence 2% and greater than placebo) adverse reactions are upper respiratory tract infection, muscle spasms, hyperuricemia, back pain, abdominal pain or discomfort, bronchitis, pain in extremity, anemia and elevated liver enzymes. Drug Interactions: Avoid concomitant use of NEXLETOL with simvastatin greater than 20 mg. Avoid concomitant use of NEXLETOL with pravastatin greater than 40 mg. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088 or report side effects to Esperion at 833-377-7633 (833 ESPRMED). Please see the full Prescribing Information for NEXLETOL by clicking here. NEXLIZETTM (bempedoic acid and ezetimibe) Tablet NEXLIZET contains bempedoic acid and ezetimibe and lowers elevated LDL-C through complementary mechanisms of action by inhibiting cholesterol synthesis in the liver and absorption in the intestine. Phase 3 data demonstrated NEXLIZET lowered LDL-C by a mean of 38 percent compared to placebo when added on to maximally tolerated statins. NEXLIZET is the first non-statin, LDL-cholesterol lowering combination medicine ever approved. NEXLIZET was approved by the FDA in February 2020. Indication and Limitation of Use NEXLIZET is indicated as an adjunct to diet and maximally tolerated statin therapy for the treatment of adults with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia or established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease who require additional lowering of LDL-C. The effect of NEXLIZET on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has not been determined. Contraindications: Known hypersensitivity to ezetimibe tablets. Warnings and Precautions: Elevations in serum uric acid have occurred. Assess uric acid levels periodically as clinically indicated. Monitor for signs and symptoms of hyperuricemia, and initiate treatment with urate-lowering drugs as appropriate. The risk for gout events with NEXLIZET was higher in patients with a prior history of gout although gout also occurred more frequently than placebo in patients treated with NEXLIZET who had no prior gout history. Tendon rupture has occurred. Discontinue NEXLIZET at the first sign of tendon rupture. Avoid NEXLIZET in patients who have a history of tendon disorders or tendon rupture. Adverse Reactions: The most common adverse events reported in the development program were generally reported at similar rates in patients who received placebo (incidence 2% and greater than placebo) were upper respiratory tract infection, muscle spasms, hyperuricemia, back pain, abdominal pain or discomfort, bronchitis, pain in extremity, anemia, elevated liver enzymes, diarrhea, arthralgia, sinusitis fatigue, influenza. Drug Interactions: Simvastatin: Avoid concomitant use of NEXLIZET with simvastatin great than 20 mg. Pravastatin: Avoid concomitant use of NEXLIZET with pravastatin greater than 40 mg. Cyclosporine: Monitor cyclosporine concentrations. Fibrates: If cholelithiasis is suspected in a patient receiving NEXLIZET and fenofibrate, consider alternative lipid-lowering therapy. Please see the full Prescribing Information for NEXLIZET by clicking here. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088 or report side effects to Esperion at 833-377-7633 (833 ESPRMED). CLEAR Cardiovascular Outcomes Trial The effect of NEXLETOL or NEXLIZET on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has not been determined. Esperion initiated a global cardiovascular outcomes trial (CVOT) to assess the effects of bempedoic acid on the occurrence of major cardiovascular events in patients with, or at high risk for, cardiovascular disease (CVD) who are only able to tolerate less than the lowest approved daily starting dose of a statin and are considered "statin averse." The CVOT known as CLEAR Cardiovascular Outcomes Trial is an event-driven, global, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study that completed enrollment in August 2019 of 14,032 patients with hypercholesterolemia and high CVD risk at over 1,400 sites in 32 countries. Esperion Therapeutics Through scientific and clinical excellence, and a deep understanding of cholesterol biology, the experienced Lipid Management Team at Esperion is committed to developing new LDL-C lowering medicines that will make a substantial impact on reducing global cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of death around the world. For more information, please visit www.esperion.com and follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/EsperionInc . Esperion Therapeutics Commitment to Patients with Hyperlipidemia High levels of LDL-C can lead to a build-up of fat and cholesterol in and on artery walls (known as atherosclerosis), potentially leading to cardiovascular events, including heart attack and stroke. In the U.S., 96 million people, or more than 37 percent of the adult population, have elevated LDL-C. There are approximately 18 million people in the U.S. living with elevated levels of LDL-C despite taking maximally tolerated lipid-modifying therapy including individuals considered statin averse leaving them at high risk for cardiovascular events1. In the United States, more than 50 percent of ASCVD patients who are not able to reach their LDL-C with statins alone need less than a 40 percent reduction to reach their LDL-C threshold2. Esperion's mission as the Lipid Management Company is to deliver oral, once-daily medicines that complement existing oral drugs to provide the additional LDL-C lowering that these patients need. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws, including statements regarding the regulatory approval pathway for bempedoic acid tablet and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe fixed dose combination tablet, the therapeutic potential of, and the clinical development plan for bempedoic acid tablet and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe fixed dose combination tablet, including Esperion's timing, designs, plans for announcement of results regarding its CLEAR Outcomes study and other ongoing clinical studies for bempedoic acid tablet and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe combination fixed dose tablet, timing for the review and approval of the NDAs and the MAAs, and Esperion's expectations for the market for medicines to lower LDL-C, including the commercial launch and market adoption of bempedoic acid tablet and the bempedoic acid / ezetimibe fixed dose combination tablet, if approved. Any express or implied statements contained in this press release that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Esperion's actual results to differ significantly from those projected, including, without limitation, delays or failures in Esperion s studies, that positive results from a clinical study of bempedoic acid may not be sufficient for EMA approval or necessarily be predictive of the results of future or ongoing clinical studies, that notwithstanding the completion of Esperion s Phase 3 clinical development program for LDL-C lowering, the FDA or EMA require additional development in connection with seeking regulatory approval, or approval of an expanded indication, that existing cash resources may be used more quickly than anticipated, and the risks detailed in Esperion's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Esperion disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release, other than to the extent required by law. References (1) Esperion market research on file: research project interviewing 350 physicians. Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. Sept-Oct 2018. (2) Data on file: analysis of NHANES database. Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. 2018. Investor Contact: Alex Schwartz Esperion 734-249-3386 aschwartz@esperion.com Media Contact: Ben Church Esperion 734-864-6774 bchurch@esperion.com

Cubic Awarded Contract from National Transport Authority to Deliver Mobile Ticketing System in Ireland Cubic Transportation Systems to deliver cashless, paperless ticketing system to simplify traveler journeys SAN DIEGO, April 8, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Cubic Corporation (NYSE:CUB) today announced its Cubic Transportation Systems (CTS) business division was awarded a contract worth more than $4 million from the National Transport Authority (NTA) to deliver a mobile ticketing system for Ireland. Cubic's scalable and low-risk solution will improve customer experience and provide users with a single capability to purchase tickets for multiple public transport operators. Cubic's mobile ticketing solution supports the NTA's vision to make public transportation in Ireland simpler and more efficient for travelers. "We are very pleased to work with the NTA to deliver a mobile ticketing system for Ireland that benefits from the in-depth experience and knowledge we've gained through supporting large, medium and small agencies worldwide," said Laurent Eskenazi, managing director, EMEA, Cubic Transportation Systems. "As the very first national mobile ticketing project for Ireland, we look forward to simplifying traveler journeys and creating a quicker and less labor-intensive ticketing process for operators." Cubic's mobile ticketing solution enables multimodal transportation through an integrated user interface. The mobile ticketing app enables travelers to easily purchase tickets and manage their online accounts. Cubic's world-class mobile ticketing system is deployed and being rolled out in several major cities including Los Angeles, Washington D.C., Chicago, New York, Cologne, Germany and Brisbane, Australia. About Cubic Corporation Cubic is a technology-driven, market-leading provider of integrated solutions that increase situational understanding for transportation, defense C4ISR and training customers worldwide to decrease urban congestion and improve the militaries' effectiveness and operational readiness. Our teams innovate to make a positive difference in people's lives. We simplify their daily journeys. We promote mission success and safety for those who serve their nation. For more information about Cubic, please visit www.cubic.com or on Twitter @CubicCorp. SOURCE Cubic Corporation Related Links http://www.cubic.com

Raven Industries Awarded $36M Radar Prime Contract Radar Systems and Services to Support U.S. Navy Operations SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 02, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Raven Industries (NASDAQ:RAVN) announced today that Raven Aerostar has been awarded a five-year $36.2M contract for the delivery, installation, operation and sustainment support of Air Surveillance Radar Systems onboard the U.S. Navy s T-EPF class ships. This is a significant win for Raven Aerostar, and this contract is directly aligned with our purpose to connect, protect and save lives, said Scott Wickersham, Division Vice President & General Manager of Raven Aerostar. We have a strategic focus to grow our core business in stratospheric balloon platforms and radar systems, and Raven Aerostar will continue developing more advanced radar systems that provide best value to scalable market opportunities. The contract was awarded by the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division. Under this contract, Raven Aerostar will deliver Vista F50ER1 Radar Systems and provide technical support, system operator support, and classroom and shipboard training. Raven expects revenues from this contract to be spread out over a period of five years, with deliveries beginning next year. About Raven Industries, Inc. Raven Industries (NASDAQ: RAVN) is dedicated to providing innovative, high-value products and solutions that solve great challenges throughout the world. Raven is a leader in precision agriculture, high-performance specialty films, and lighter-than-air technologies. Since 1956, Raven has designed, produced, and delivered exceptional solutions, earning the company a reputation for innovation, product quality, high performance, and unmatched service. For more information, visit http://ravenind.com . About Raven Aerostar Raven Aerostar consists of wholly-owned subsidiaries Aerostar International, Inc. and Aerostar Technical Solutions, Inc. Raven Aerostar is dedicated to enhancing security and connecting the world through stratospheric platforms, situational awareness technology, and specialty sewn products. The company s highly technical product lines include stratospheric platforms, radar systems, tethered aerostats, inflatable military decoys and protective wear garments. Visit http://ravenaerostar.com for more information.

KVH Announces Share Repurchase Program MIDDLETOWN, R.I., Oct. 07, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- KVH Industries, Inc., (Nasdaq: KVHI) announced today that its Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to 1 million shares, or approximately 5.5% of the company s outstanding common stock. The authorization of a stock repurchase program underscores our commitment to the Company s shareholders. This decision demonstrates our confidence in the company s strategy, our strong balance sheet, and our ability to leverage the many strategic opportunities that lie ahead, said Martin Kits van Heyningen, chief executive officer of KVH Industries. We believe we can continue to invest in strategic growth initiatives, maintain financial flexibility, and return excess capital to shareholders, all of which should keep us on the path toward building long-term value. Under the program, the company, at management s discretion, may repurchase shares from time to time through various means, including on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or block transactions, or through an accelerated repurchase agreement. The company may elect to make purchases under Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which imposes certain volume limitations, and/or under Rule 10b5-1 under that act, which would permit repurchases to occur during periods when the company might otherwise be precluded from making purchases under insider trading laws or company policy. The volume and timing of any such repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including the availability of shares, price, market conditions, alternative uses of capital, liquidity, general business conditions, satisfaction of debt covenants, and applicable regulatory requirements. The program does not obligate the company to repurchase any minimum number or dollar amount of shares, and the program may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice. About KVH Industries, Inc. KVH Industries, Inc., is a global leader in mobile connectivity and inertial navigation systems, innovating to enable a mobile world. The market leader in maritime VSAT, KVH designs, manufactures, and provides connectivity and content services globally. KVH is also a premier manufacturer of high-performance sensors and integrated inertial systems for defense and commercial applications. Founded in 1982, the company is based in Middletown, RI, with research, development, and manufacturing operations in Middletown, RI, and Tinley Park, IL, and more than a dozen offices around the globe. This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. For example, forward-looking statements include statements regarding our plans to repurchase shares of common stock, strategy, opportunities, future investments, strategic growth initiatives and long-term value. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements made in this press release. Factors that might cause these differences include, but are not limited to: changes in our business or markets, unanticipated demands on working capital, unanticipated challenges in research and development, competing strategic opportunities, such as potential acquisitions, potential adverse changes in our anticipated cash flow, unanticipated costs or expenses, changes in tax law or policy, or other factors that may reduce our revenues, increase our expenses or otherwise reduce our profitability, and changes in the value or expected value of our stock. Some of these and other factors are discussed in more detail in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2019. Copies are available through our Investor Relations department and website, http://investors.kvh.com. We do not assume any obligation to update our forward-looking statements to reflect new information and developments. Contact: KVH Industries, Inc. Brent Bruun 401-845-8194 bbruun@kvh.com KVH Industries, Inc. Donald W. Reilly 401-608-8977 dreilly@kvh.com

Seacoast to Acquire Fourth Street Banking Company Seacoast continues its expansion in the dynamic Tampa St. Petersburg MSA STUART, Fla., Jan. 23, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida (NASDAQ:SBCF) ( Seacoast ), the holding company for Seacoast National Bank ( Seacoast Bank ), today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Fourth Street Banking Co. ("Fourth Street"), the holding company for Freedom Bank of St. Petersburg. The transaction will be Seacoast's third in the last three years in the Tampa-St. Petersburg metropolitan statistical area ("MSA"), the second largest and one of the fastest growing MSAs in Florida. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, Freedom Bank will be merged with and into Seacoast Bank. Organized in 2005, Freedom Bank has deposits of approximately $276 million and loans of $249 million and the merger will increase Seacoast s deposits in the Tampa-St. Petersburg MSA by 87% to approximately $679 million. Seacoast plans to add Freedom Bank s two branches to the four it currently operates in the market. Seacoast entered the Tampa-St. Petersburg MSA with the acquisition of GulfShore Bank and NorthStar Bank in 2017. The Tampa-St. Petersburg MSA s economy continues its expansion, outpacing most of the U.S. Its unemployment rate at 2.7% per Florida Department of Economic Opportunity is lower than the state and national average. It also added 30,800 jobs in November, the second highest total among all MSAs in the state. The same source showed the region leading the state for job demand with 59,256 openings and for STEM jobs with 20,134 openings. Seacoast has found a great opportunity to partner with Freedom Bank, strengthening our position in the attractive Tampa-St. Petersburg market, said Dennis S. Hudson III, Seacoast's Chairman and CEO. This is an exceptional addition to our two previous acquisitions in the state s second largest MSA. We look forward to welcoming Freedom Bank s employees and customers to Seacoast Bank. In creating Freedom Bank in 2005, we sought to fill a need in the market for local bankers who knew their customers by name and could make decisions based on local market conditions. We are delighted to partner with Seacoast, who has been serving Florida consumers and businesses for more than 90 years with a very similar philosophy, said Cathy P. Swanson, CEO of Freedom Bank. We know our customers will enjoy its convenient state-wide network and impressive array of products and services. Following the merger, Swanson plans to remain with Seacoast as its Market President for Pinellas County. Under the terms of the merger agreement, Fourth Street shareholders will receive 0.1275 shares of Seacoast common stock for each share of Fourth Street common stock. Based on Seacoast s closing price of $29.39 as of January 22, 2020, the transaction is valued at approximately $63.6 million or $3.75 per share (which includes cashing out the Fourth Street options). Closing of the acquisition is expected late in the second quarter of 2020 following receipt of approvals from regulatory authorities, the approval of Fourth Street shareholders and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. Seacoast expects the Fourth Street acquisition to be more than 1.5% accretive to earnings per share in 2020 excluding one-time transaction costs, 3.3% accretive to earnings per share in 2021, and should have a tangible book value earn-back period of approximately 1.5 years using the crossover method. The transaction also is expected to provide an internal rate of return of more than 20%. Piper Sandler served as financial advisor and Alston & Bird LLP served as legal counsel to Seacoast. Hovde Group, LLC served as financial advisor and Smith Mackinnon, PA served as legal counsel to Fourth Street. Investor Conference Call Information Seacoast will host a conference call on January 24, 2020 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) to discuss the acquisition. Investors may call in (toll-free) by dialing (888) 517-2513 (passcode: 7556 513; host: Dennis S. Hudson). Slides will be used during the conference call and may be accessed at Seacoast's website at www.SeacoastBanking.com by selecting "Presentations" under the heading "News/Events." A replay of the call will be available for one month, beginning late afternoon of January 24, 2020 by dialing (888) 843-7419 (domestic) and using passcode: 7556 513#. Alternatively, individuals may listen to the live webcast of the presentation by visiting Seacoast's website at www.SeacoastBanking.com . The link is located in the subsection "Presentations" under the heading "Webcasts." Beginning the afternoon of January 24, 2020, an archived version of the webcast can be accessed from this same subsection of the website. The archived webcast will be available for one year. About Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida (NASDAQ: SBCF) Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida is one of the largest community banks headquartered in Florida with approximately $7.1 billion in assets and $5.6 billion in deposits as of December 31, 2019. The Company provides integrated financial services including commercial and retail banking, wealth management, and mortgage services to customers through advanced banking solutions, and 48 traditional branches of its locally-branded, wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Seacoast Bank. Offices stretch from Fort Lauderdale, Boca Raton and West Palm Beach north through the Daytona Beach area, into Orlando and Central Florida and the adjacent Tampa market, and west to Okeechobee and surrounding counties. More information about the Company is available at www.SeacoastBanking.com . Important Information for Investors and Shareholders This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Seacoast will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") a registration statement on Form S-4 containing a proxy statement of Fourth Street and a prospectus of Seacoast, and Seacoast will file other documents with the SEC with respect to the proposed merger. A definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to shareholders of Fourth Street. Investors and security holders of Seacoast and Fourth Street are urged to read the entire proxy statement/prospectus and other documents that will be filed with the SEC carefully and in their entirety when they become available because they will contain important information. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and the proxy statement/prospectus (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by Seacoast through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov . Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Seacoast will be available free of charge on Seacoast's internet website or by contacting Seacoast. Seacoast, Fourth Street, their respective directors and executive officers and other members of management and employees may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of Seacoast is set forth in its proxy statement for its 2019 annual meeting of shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 5, 2019 and its Current Reports on Form 8-K. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available. Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning, and protections, of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including, without limitation, statements about future financial and operating results, cost savings, enhanced revenues, economic and seasonal conditions in our markets, and improvements to reported earnings that may be realized from cost controls, tax law changes, new initiatives and for integration of banks that we have acquired, or expect to acquire, including Fourth Street, as well as statements with respect to Seacoast's objectives, strategic plans, including Vision 2020, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates and intentions about future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Seacoast to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You should not expect us to update any forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as "may", "will", "anticipate", "assume", "should", "support", "indicate", "would", "believe", "contemplate", "expect", "estimate", "continue", "further", "plan", "point to", "project", "could", "intend", "target" or other similar words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: the effects of future economic and market conditions, including seasonality; governmental monetary and fiscal policies, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, as well as legislative, tax and regulatory changes; changes in accounting policies, rules and practices; the risks of changes in interest rates on the level and composition of deposits, loan demand, liquidity and the values of loan collateral, securities, and interest sensitive assets and liabilities; interest rate risks, sensitivities and the shape of the yield curve; uncertainty related to the impact of LIBOR calculations on securities and loans; changes in borrower credit risks and payment behaviors; changes in the availability and cost of credit and capital in the financial markets; changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of residential and commercial real estate; our ability to comply with any regulatory requirements; the effects of problems encountered by other financial institutions that adversely affect us or the banking industry; our concentration in commercial real estate loans; the failure of assumptions and estimates, as well as differences in, and changes to, economic, market and credit conditions; the impact on the valuation of our investments due to market volatility or counterparty payment risk; statutory and regulatory dividend restrictions; increases in regulatory capital requirements for banking organizations generally; the risks of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, including our ability to continue to identify acquisition targets and successfully acquire desirable financial institutions; changes in technology or products that may be more difficult, costly, or less effective than anticipated; our ability to identify and address increased cybersecurity risks; inability of our risk management framework to manage risks associated with our business; dependence on key suppliers or vendors to obtain equipment or services for our business on acceptable terms; reduction in or the termination of our ability to use the mobile-based platform that is critical to our business growth strategy; the effects of war or other conflicts, acts of terrorism, natural disasters or other catastrophic events that may affect general economic conditions; unexpected outcomes of, and the costs associated with, existing or new litigation involving us; our ability to maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting; potential claims, damages, penalties, fines and reputational damage resulting from pending or future litigation, regulatory proceedings and enforcement actions; the risks that our deferred tax assets could be reduced if estimates of future taxable income from our operations and tax planning strategies are less than currently estimated and sales of our capital stock could trigger a reduction in the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that we may be able to utilize for income tax purposes; the effects of competition from other commercial banks, thrifts, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market and other mutual funds and other financial institutions operating in our market areas and elsewhere, including institutions operating regionally, nationally and internationally, together with such competitors offering banking products and services by mail, telephone, computer and the Internet; and the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for possible loan losses. The risks relating to the proposed Fourth Street merger include, without limitation: the timing to consummate the proposed merger; the risk that a condition to closing of the proposed merger may not be satisfied; the risk that a regulatory approval that may be required for the proposed merger is not obtained or is obtained subject to conditions that are not anticipated; the diversion of management time on issues related to the proposed merger; unexpected transaction costs, including the costs of integrating operations; the risks that the businesses will not be integrated successfully or that such integration may be more difficult, time- consuming or costly than expected; the potential failure to fully or timely realize expected revenues and revenue synergies, including as the result of revenues following the merger being lower than expected; the risk of deposit and customer attrition; any changes in deposit mix; unexpected operating and other costs, which may differ or change from expectations; the risks of customer and employee loss and business disruption, including, without limitation, as the result of difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees; increased competitive pressures and solicitations of customers by competitors; as well as the difficulties and risks inherent with entering new markets. All written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice, including, without limitation, those risks and uncertainties described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, under "Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-looking Statements" and "Risk Factors", and otherwise in our SEC reports and filings. Such reports are available upon request from the Company, or from the Securities and Exchange Commission, including through the SEC's Internet website at www.sec.gov . Charles M. Shaffer Executive Vice President Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (772) 221-7003 Chuck.Shaffer@seacoastbank.com

Organovo Announces One-for-Twenty Reverse Stock Split SAN DIEGO, Aug. 17, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Organovo Holdings, Inc. (the Company ) (Nasdaq: ONVO) today announced that it filed a certificate of second amendment to its certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect a 1-for-20 reverse stock split of its common stock. The shares underlying the Company s outstanding options and restricted stock unit awards will also be adjusted accordingly. The reverse stock split will take effect at 5:00 pm (Eastern Time) on August 18, 2020, and the Company s common stock will open for trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on August 19, 2020 on a post-split basis. At the Company s Special Meeting of Stockholders held on March 26, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved a reverse stock split within a range of 1-for 20 and 1-for-40. The specific ratio of 1-for-20 was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The reverse stock split is intended to increase the per share trading price of the Company s common stock to satisfy the $1.00 minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. As a result of the reverse stock split, every 20 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding prior to the opening of trading on August 19, 2020 will be consolidated into one issued and outstanding share, with no change in the nominal par value per share of $0.001. No fractional shares are being issued in connection with the reverse stock split. Stockholders of record who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share in connection with the reverse stock split will receive a cash payment in lieu thereof. Trading of the Company s common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market will continue, on a split-adjusted basis, with the opening of the markets on Wednesday, August 19, 2020, under the existing ticker symbol ONVO but with a new CUSIP number 68620A203. The reverse stock split reduces the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding from approximately 130.6 million pre-reverse stock split shares to approximately 6.5 million post-reverse stock split shares. The Company has retained Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, Inc. ( Continental ) to act as its exchange agent for the reverse stock split. Continental will provide stockholders of record as of the effective date of the reverse stock split instructions for the exchange of their certificates. Stockholders owning shares via a broker or other nominee will have their positions automatically adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split, subject to their brokers particular processes, and will not be required to take any action in connection with the reverse stock split. About Organovo The Company has historically focused its efforts on developing its in vivo liver tissues to treat end-stage liver disease and a select group of life-threatening, orphan diseases, for which there are limited treatment options other than organ transplantation. On August 6, 2020, the Company filed a definitive proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) for its 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held virtually on Tuesday, September 15, 2020 at 9:00 a.m. (Pacific Daylight Time). Please refer to the proxy statement for information about the proposals to be voted on at the 2020 Annual Meeting, including the membership of the Company s Board of Directors and the potential future direction of the Company. Forward Looking Statements Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Company s ability to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market and its ability to remain listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market exchange. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on current expectations, but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties and other factors are identified and described in more detail in the Company s filings with the SEC, including its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date that they were made. These cautionary statements should be considered with any written or oral forward-looking statements that the Company may issue in the future. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to reflect actual results, later events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Important Information and Where to Find It This communication may be deemed to be solicitation material in respect to the Company s 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held virtually on Tuesday, September 15, 2020 at 9:00 a.m. (Pacific Daylight Time) (the 2020 Annual Meeting ). On August 6, 2020, the Company filed a definitive proxy statement with the SEC and mailed a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to its stockholders containing instructions on how to access the proxy materials for the 2020 Annual Meeting, including the Company s definitive proxy statement and annual report for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, over the internet. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY AND THE MATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE 2020 ANNUAL MEETING. Investors and stockholders may obtain, free of charge, copies of the definitive proxy statement and any other documents filed by the Company with the SEC in connection with the 2020 Annual Meeting at the SEC s website ( http://www.sec.gov ) and on the investor relations section of the Company s website at ir.organovo.com. Participants in the Solicitation The Company and its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the Company s stockholders in connection with the 2020 Annual Meeting. Information regarding the special interests of the Organovo directors and executive officers in the matters to be considered at the 2020 Annual Meeting is included in the definitive proxy statement referred to above. The definitive proxy statement is available free of charge from the sources indicated above. Organovo: Taylor J. Crouch 858 224 1000 info@organovo.com

Progenics Pharmaceuticals Announces FDA Approval for AZEDRA (iobenguane I 131) to Treat Unresectable, Locally Advanced or Metastatic Pheochromocytoma or Paraganglioma The First FDA-Approved Treatment for These Rare, Life-Threatening Neuroendocrine Cancers in Patients Aged 12 and Older Company to Host Conference Call Tomorrow at 8:00 AM ET NEW YORK, July 30, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:PGNX) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the New Drug Application (NDA) for AZEDRA (iobenguane I 131) 555 MBq/mL injection for intravenous use. AZEDRA, a radiotherapeutic, is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years and older with iobenguane scan positive, unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic pheochromocytoma or paraganglioma who require systemic anticancer therapy. AZEDRA is the first and only approved therapy for this indication. AZEDRA can cause serious side effects including risk from radiation exposure, bone marrow problems and other cancers (myelosuppression and secondary malignancies), thyroid problems (hypothyroidism), elevations in blood pressure, kidney problems (renal toxicity), respiratory problems (pneumonitis), pregnancy warning (embryo-fetal toxicity), and fertility problems. Please see Important Safety Information below and Full Prescribing Information. Pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma are neuroendocrine cancers that arise from cells in and around the adrenal glands. Pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma tumors frequently secrete high levels of hormones that can lead to life-threatening high blood pressure, heart failure, and stroke in these patients. Metastatic pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma may result in unresectable disease with a poor prognosis, including a five-year survival rate as low as 12%1. Before AZEDRA s approval, there were no FDA-approved anti-tumor therapeutics for these cancers. "AZEDRA is a true breakthrough in treating pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma delivering an effective anticancer therapy to these tumors, said Dr. Daniel Pryma, Associate Professor of Radiology & Radiation Oncology and Chief, Division of Nuclear Medicine & Clinical Molecular Imaging at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, the trial's lead investigator. With this innovative, rationally designed treatment, we finally have a therapeutic option that helps address patients needs. As the first FDA approved therapy for unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic pheochromocytoma or paraganglioma who require systemic anticancer therapy, AZEDRA provides a new treatment option for physicians and their patients, said Mark Baker, Chief Executive Officer of Progenics. AZEDRA has been shown to decrease the need for blood pressure medication and reduce tumor size in some patients. We are extremely grateful to the patients, their families and the investigators who participated in AZEDRA s clinical development program. We also thank those who have contributed to the development of AZEDRA over many years. Emily Collins, President of the Pheo Para Alliance stated, The FDA's approval of AZEDRA is welcome news to patients with pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma, who have an extremely limited number of treatment options available to them. The drug's Fast-Track status and Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA underscores the dire need for the development and expeditious review of diagnostic and therapeutic agents for pheo/para that, generally, don t get adequate prioritization despite the growing prevalence of these and other NET cancers globally. The FDA approval of AZEDRA was based on data from a pivotal phase 2 open-label, multi-center trial that was conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment (SPA) with the FDA. The final results showed that 17 of the 68 evaluable patients (25%) experienced a 50% or greater reduction of all antihypertensive medication for at least 6 months, achieving the primary endpoint specified in the SPA. The study also showed favorable results from a key secondary endpoint evaluating the proportion of patients with overall tumor response as measured by Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST). Overall tumor response was achieved in 15 of the patients studied (22%). Of these 15 patients, 53% experienced durable tumor responses lasting 6 months or longer. The most common severe (Grade 3-4) adverse reactions were decrease in a specific type of white blood cell (lymphopenia, 78%), decrease in another type of white blood cell (neutropenia, 59%), decrease in platelets which are involved in blood clotting (thrombocytopenia, 50%), fatigue (26%), decrease in red blood cells (anemia, 24%), decrease in blood clotting time (increased international normalized ratio, 18%), nausea (16%), dizziness (13%), high blood pressure (hypertension, 11%), and vomiting (10%). Twelve percent of patients discontinued treatment due to adverse reactions. Investor Conference Call Progenics will host a conference call tomorrow, July 31, 2018 at 8:00 AM Eastern Time to discuss the approval. The live and replayed webcast of the call will be available through the Company's website at www.progenics.com. To participate in the live call by phone, dial (877) 250-8889 (USA) or (720) 545-0001 (international) and enter the passcode 2787849. The replay of the call will be available for 90 days. This conference call will replace the quarterly call the Company usually hosts following its earnings announcement. Approved Use: AZEDRA (iobenguane I 131) is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years and older with iobenguane scan positive, unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic pheochromocytoma or paraganglioma who require systemic anticancer therapy. Important Safety Information AZEDRA can cause serious side effects. If you experience these side effects, your health care provider may need to adjust or stop your treatment. You should always follow your health care provider s instructions. Serious side effects may include: Radiation exposure: Treatment with AZEDRA will expose you to radiation which can contribute to your overall long-term radiation exposure. Overall radiation exposure is associated with an increased risk for cancer. Radiation risk is greater in children than in adults. You should stay well hydrated before, during, and after your treatment and urinate frequently. Your doctor will advise you on how to lessen exposure to people who may come into contact with you after AZEDRA treatment. Bone marrow problems and other cancers: Treatment with AZEDRA may cause your blood cell counts to drop (myelosuppression). You may experience blood-related side effects such as low numbers of cells that are responsible for blood clotting (thrombocytopenia), low numbers of a type of white blood cells (neutropenia), and low red blood cells (anemia). Among the 88 patients who received a therapeutic dose of AZEDRA, 33% experienced Grade 4 thrombocytopenia, 16% experienced Grade 4 neutropenia, and 7% experienced Grade 4 anemia. Five percent of patients experienced febrile neutropenia (neutropenia with fever). People with low blood counts can develop serious infections. Your health care provider will routinely check your blood counts and tell you if they are too low. Tell your doctor if you experience any symptoms of low blood counts or infection, such as fever, chills, dizziness, shortness of breath, or increased bleeding or bruising. Your health care provider may need to adjust or stop your treatment accordingly. Other conditions that you may develop as a direct result of treatment with AZEDRA are blood and bone marrow cancers known as secondary myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) and leukemia. MDS or acute leukemias were reported in 6.8% of the 88 patients who received a therapeutic dose of AZEDRA. The time to development of MDS or acute leukemia ranged from 12 months to 7 years. Two of the 88 patients developed other types of cancer. Thyroid problems: Treatment with AZEDRA may increase your long-term risk of developing an underactive thyroid (hypothyroidism) or thyroid cancer. Hypothyroidism was reported in 3.4% of the 88 patients who received a therapeutic dose of AZEDRA. Take all thyroid-blocking agents as prescribed by your doctor to reduce the risk of these problems. You may need life-long monitoring for signs and symptoms of hypothyroidism. Elevations in blood pressure: During or 24 hours following AZEDRA treatment, you may experience increases of blood pressure (hypertension) as a result of hormones released from your cancer. Eleven percent of the 88 patients who received a therapeutic dose of AZEDRA experienced a worsening of pre-existing hypertension. All changes in blood pressure occurred within the first 24 hours after treatment. No life-threatening hypertensive crises have been observed. Monitor blood pressure frequently during the first 24 hours after each therapeutic dose of AZEDRA. Tell your doctor if you experience any cardiac-related symptoms. Kidney problems: Treatment with AZEDRA will expose your kidneys to radiation and may impair their ability to work as normal. In some cases, patients have experienced kidney failure after treatment with AZEDRA. Of the 88 patients who received a therapeutic dose of AZEDRA, 9% developed kidney failure or acute kidney injury, and 22% experienced a decrease in kidney function measured at 6 or 12 months. Your health care provider will monitor your kidneys after treatment using blood tests, particularly if you already have kidney impairment before treatment. Respiratory problems: Treatment with AZEDRA may cause noninfectious lung inflammation (pneumonitis). Tell your doctor if you experience shortness of breath, difficulty breathing, or cough. Pregnancy warning: Before treatment with AZEDRA, tell your doctor if you are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. Exposure to radiation from treatment with AZEDRA can harm your unborn baby. Use an effective method of birth control during treatment with AZEDRA and for 7 months (for females) and 4 months (for males) after your final dose. Do not breastfeed during treatment with AZEDRA and for 80 days after your final dose. Fertility problems: Treatment with AZEDRA may cause infertility due to radiation absorbed by your testes or ovaries over the treatment period that is within the range of exposure where temporary or permanent infertility may be expected. The most common and most serious side effects of AZEDRA include decreased blood cell counts, nausea, vomiting and fatigue. These are not all the possible side effects of AZEDRA. For more information, ask your health care provider. Drugs that reduce catecholamine uptake or that deplete catecholamine stores may interact with AZEDRA and may affect how well it works. These drugs were not permitted in the clinical trials. Tell your doctor before starting any medication, including over the counter medications, herbal or dietary supplements. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Please see full Prescribing Information for AZEDRA. Distributed by: Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., NY 10007 Reference: AZEDRA prescribing information. New York, NY: Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 07 2018. About PROGENICS Progenics develops innovative medicines and other technologies to target and treat cancer, including: 1) therapeutic agents designed to treat cancer (AZEDRA, PSMA TTC and 1095), 2) PSMA-targeted imaging agents for prostate cancer (1404 and PyL ), and 3) imaging analysis technology. Progenics has two commercial products, RELISTOR (methylnaltrexone bromide) for opioid-induced constipation, which is partnered with Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.; and AZEDRA, for the treatment of unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic pheochromocytoma or paraganglioma (rare neuroendocrine tumors of neural crest origin) who require systemic anticancer therapy. This press release contains "forward-looking statements" regarding future events. Statements contained in this communication that refer to Progenics' estimated or anticipated future results or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Progenics' current perspective of existing trends and information as of the date of this communication. Forward looking statements are generally accompanied by words such as "anticipate," "believe," "plan," "could," "should," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "outlook," "guidance," "intend," "may," "might," "will," "possible," "potential," "predict," "project," or other similar words, phrases or expressions. Such statements are predictions only, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, market acceptance for approved products; the risk that the planned commercial launch of AZEDRA may not meet revenue and income expectations; the cost, timing and unpredictability of results of clinical trials and other development activities and collaborations, such as the Phase 3 clinical program for 1404; our ability to successfully develop and commercialize the products of EXINI Diagnostics AB; the effectiveness of the efforts of our partners to market and sell products on which we collaborate and the royalty revenue generated thereby; generic and other competition; the possible impairment of, inability to obtain and costs of obtaining intellectual property rights; possible product safety or efficacy concerns, general business, financial, regulatory and accounting matters, litigation and other risks. More information concerning Progenics and such risks and uncertainties is available on its website, and in its press releases and reports it files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including those risk factors included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, as updated in its subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Progenics is providing the information in this press release as of its date and, except as expressly required by law, Progenics disclaims any intent or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. Additional information concerning Progenics and its business may be available in press releases or other public announcements and public filings made after this release. For more information, please visit www.progenics.com. Information on or accessed through our website or social media sites is not included in the company's SEC filings. PGNX-F Contact: Melissa Downs Investor Relations (646) 975-2533 mdowns@progenics.com 1Park, J., Korean J Urology 2011;52:241-246. 2AZEDRA Prescribing Information. New York, NY: Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; July 30, 2018

FDA Approves EYLEA (aflibercept) Injection sBLA in Wet Age-related Macular Degeneration TARRYTOWN, N.Y., Aug. 17, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved a supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for EYLEA (aflibercept) Injection in patients with wet age-related macular degeneration (wet AMD). The sBLA was based on second-year data from the Phase 3 VIEW 1 and 2 trials in which patients with wet AMD were treated with a modified 12-week dosing schedule (doses given at least every 12 weeks, and additional doses as needed). These data are now included in the updated EYLEA label. "We are pleased that the FDA has approved an updated label for EYLEA," said George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Scientific Officer of Regeneron. "Providing information to retinal physicians about the visual outcomes with a modified 12-week dosing schedule will help physicans make the most informed choices in treating patients suffering from wet age-related macular degeneration." EYLEA is also approved in wet AMD for every four- or eight-week dosing intervals after three initial monthly doses. About EYLEA (aflibercept) InjectionEYLEA (aflibercept) Injection is a vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) inhibitor formulated as an injection for the eye. It is designed to block the growth of new blood vessels and decrease the ability of fluid to pass through blood vessels (vascular permeability) in the eye by blocking VEGF-A and placental growth factor (PLGF), two growth factors involved in angiogenesis. In the U.S., EYLEA is the market-leading, FDA-approved anti-VEGF treatment for its approved indications and is supported by a robust body of research that includes seven pivotal Phase 3 trials. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR EYLEA (aflibercept) INJECTION EYLEA (aflibercept) Injection is contraindicated in patients with ocular or periocular infections, active intraocular inflammation, or known hypersensitivity to aflibercept or to any of the excipients in EYLEA. Intravitreal injections, including those with EYLEA, have been associated with endophthalmitis and retinal detachments. Proper aseptic injection technique must always be used when administering EYLEA. Patients should be instructed to report any symptoms suggestive of endophthalmitis or retinal detachment without delay and should be managed appropriately. Intraocular inflammation has been reported with the use of EYLEA. Acute increases in intraocular pressure have been seen within 60 minutes of intravitreal injection, including with EYLEA. Sustained increases in intraocular pressure have also been reported after repeated intravitreal dosing with VEGF inhibitors. Intraocular pressure and the perfusion of the optic nerve head should be monitored and managed appropriately. There is a potential risk of arterial thromboembolic events (ATEs) following intravitreal use of VEGF inhibitors, including EYLEA. ATEs are defined as nonfatal stroke, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or vascular death (including deaths of unknown cause). The incidence of reported thromboembolic events in wet AMD studies during the first year was 1.8% (32 out of 1824) in the combined group of patients treated with EYLEA compared with 1.5% (9 out of 595) in patients treated with ranibizumab; through 96 weeks, the incidence was 3.3% (60 out of 1824) in the EYLEA group compared with 3.2% (19 out of 595) in the ranibizumab group. The incidence in the DME studies from baseline to week 52 was 3.3% (19 out of 578) in the combined group of patients treated with EYLEA compared with 2.8% (8 out of 287) in the control group; from baseline to week 100, the incidence was 6.4% (37 out of 578) in the combined group of patients treated with EYLEA compared with 4.2% (12 out of 287) in the control group. There were no reported thromboembolic events in the patients treated with EYLEA in the first six months of the RVO studies. Serious adverse reactions related to the injection procedure have occurred in <0.1% of intravitreal injections with EYLEA including endophthalmitis and retinal detachment. The most common adverse reactions ( 5%) reported in patients receiving EYLEA were conjunctival hemorrhage, eye pain, cataract, vitreous detachment, vitreous floaters, and intraocular pressure increased. INDICATIONSEYLEA (aflibercept) Injection is indicated for the treatment of patients with Neovascular (Wet) Age-related Macular Degeneration (AMD), Macular Edema following Retinal Vein Occlusion (RVO), Diabetic Macular Edema (DME), and Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) in patients with DME. Please visit www.EYLEA.us to see the full Prescribing Information for EYLEA. About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 30 years by physician-scientists, our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to six FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development, all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye disease, heart disease, allergic and inflammatory diseases, pain, cancer, infectious diseases and rare diseases. Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite technologies, such as VelocImmune which produces optimized fully-human antibodies, and ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center, which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world. For additional information about the company, please visit www.regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter. Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Regeneron" or the "Company"), and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "estimate," variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern, and these risks and uncertainties include, among others, the nature, timing, and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron's products, product candidates, and research and clinical programs now underway or planned, including without limitation EYLEA (aflibercept) Injection; unforeseen safety issues resulting from the administration of products and product candidates in patients, including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron's product candidates in clinical trials; the likelihood and timing of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron's late-stage product candidates and new indications for marketed products; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron or its collaborators may be replicated in other studies and lead to therapeutic applications; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron's marketed products (such as EYLEA), research and clinical programs, and business, including those relating to patient privacy; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron's ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron's products and product candidates, including without limitation EYLEA; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to Regeneron's products and product candidates; uncertainty of market acceptance and commercial success of Regeneron's products and product candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary) on the commercial success of Regeneron's products and product candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manufacture and manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; the ability of Regeneron's collaborators, suppliers, or other third parties to perform filling, finishing, packaging, labeling, distribution, and other steps related to Regeneron's products and product candidates; the availability and extent of reimbursement of the Company's products (such as EYLEA) from third-party payers, including private payer healthcare and insurance programs, health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing, producing, and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license or collaboration agreement, including Regeneron's agreements with Sanofi, Bayer, and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (or their respective affiliated companies, as applicable), to be cancelled or terminated without any further product success; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto, including without limitation the patent litigation proceedings relating to EYLEA, Dupixent (dupilumab) Injection, and Praluent (alirocumab) Injection, the ultimate outcome of any such litigation proceedings, and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron's business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2018. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management's current beliefs and judgment, and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including without limitation any financial projection or guidance, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company, including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron). Contacts Regeneron: Media Relations Daren KwokTel: +1 (914) 847-1328 [email protected] Investor RelationsManisha Narasimhan, Ph.D.Tel: +1 (914) 847-5126[email protected] SOURCE Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Related Links http://www.regeneron.com

DCP Midstream Reports Fourth Quarter Results and Announces 2020 Guidance DENVER, Feb. 11, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today, DCP Midstream, LP (NYSE: DCP) reported its financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2019 and announced its 2020 guidance. HIGHLIGHTS Net income attributable to partners of $1 million and $17 million for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2019, respectively. Distributable cash flow (DCF) of $175 million and $762 million for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2019, resulting in a paid distribution coverage ratio of 1.13 times and 1.23 times, respectively. Annual DCF increased approximately 11% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA of $296 million and $1,200 million for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2019, respectively. Annual Adjusted EBITDA increased approximately 10% year-over-year. Annual Logistics and Marketing Adjusted EBITDA increased approximately 29% year-over-year, driven by increased margin from Sand Hills, Guadalupe, and Gulf Coast Express. Increased overall wellhead volumes from the fourth quarter of 2018 to the fourth quarter of 2019, including an approximate 20% increase in DJ Basin volumes and an approximate 19% increase in Permian Basin volumes. Extended Southern Hills into the DJ Basin via the White Cliffs pipeline conversion in the fourth quarter, adding 90 MBbls/d of NGL takeaway capacity. Placed the 100 MMcf/d DJ Basin O'Connor 2 bypass in service, bringing total processing, offload, and bypass capacity in the basin to over 1.4 Bcf/d. Executed a total of $54 million in asset sales in the fourth quarter, resulting in $209 million in total 2019 asset sale proceeds. FOURTH QUARTER 2019 SUMMARY FINANCIAL RESULTS Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 (Unaudited) (Millions, except per unit amounts) Net income attributable to partners $ 1 $ 94 $ 17 $ 298 Net (loss) income per limited partner unit - basic and diluted $ (0.08) $ 0.28 $ (1.05) $ 0.61 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $ 296 $ 245 $ 1,200 $ 1,092 Distributable cash flow(1) $ 175 $ 138 $ 762 $ 684 (1) This press release includes the following financial measures not presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP: adjusted EBITDA, distributable cash flow and adjusted segment EBITDA. Each such non-GAAP financial measure is defined below under Non-GAAP Financial Information , and each is reconciled to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure under Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in schedules at the end of this press release. CEO'S PERSPECTIVE 2019 was a pivotal year for DCP, with more than half of our earnings now generated by our Logistics and Marketing segment and the elimination of our Incentive Distribution Rights," said Wouter van Kempen, chairman, president, and CEO. In 2020 we will complete our final tranche of a multi-year capital growth program, which gives us clear line of sight to a fully self-funded model in 2021." 2020 OUTLOOK ($ in Millions) Forecast Ranges Net income attributable to partners $380 - $480 Forecasted adjusted EBITDA(1) $1,205 - $1,345 Forecasted distributable cash flow(1) $730 - $830 Sustaining capital expenditures $90 - $110 Growth capital expenditures $550 - $650 (1) This press release includes the following financial measures not presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP: adjusted EBITDA, distributable cash flow, forecasted adjusted EBITDA and forecasted distributable cash flow. Each such non-GAAP financial measure is defined below under Non-GAAP Financial Information , and each is reconciled to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure under Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in schedules at the end of this press release. DCP estimates the following 2020 annualized commodity sensitivities, including the effects of hedging: Commodity Price Target Per unit change After hedge impact ($ in Millions) NGLs ($/gal) $0.48 $0.01 $3 Natural Gas ($/MMBtu) $2.40 $0.10 $8 Crude Oil ($/Bbl) $60.00 $1.00 $3 DCP's 2020 guidance expectations include the following assumptions: Expect to self-fund a portion of growth capital expenditures with excess coverage and potential divestitures Equity self-funded Lower costs via reliability and innovation Higher Southern Hills volumes associated with Q4 2019 extension and Q4 2020 expansion Full year earnings from Gulf Coast Express and the Q1 2019 Sand Hills expansion Half year earnings from Cheyenne Connector Decreasing Guadalupe earnings as a result of hedges and multi-year contracts Full year O'Connor 2 with mid-year strategic offload, resulting in increased DJ Basin volumes Lower commodity prices Potential upside from increased ethane recovery Option to acquire Sweeny ownership at in-service date, expected at the end of 2020 GROWTH UPDATE Logistics Growth DCP exercised an increased 50% ownership option for the Cheyenne Connector in October. The pipeline is expected to be in service in the first half of 2020, alleviating constraints in the DJ Basin. DCP added NGL takeaway from the DJ Basin with the Southern Hills pipeline extension, via the White Cliffs conversion that went into service in the fourth quarter of 2019. The initial capacity is 90 MBbls/d, expandable to 120 MBbls/d. The Southern Hills capacity expansion from ~190 to 230 MBbls/d has been moved to backlog. Front Range s expansion to a capacity of 255 MBbls/d and Texas Express expansion to a capacity of over 350 MBbls will be in-service in the first half of 2020. G&P Growth The 200 MMcf/d O Connor 2 plant was placed into service in the third quarter of 2019, and the associated 100 MMcf/d bypass was placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2019, increasing total available DJ Basin capacity to over 1.4 Bcf/d. DCP is adding up to 225 MMcf/d of incremental DJ Basin processing capacity by mid-2020 via a capital efficient offload agreement. Fractionation Growth DCP holds an option to acquire a 30% ownership interest in two 150 MBbls/d fractionators currently under construction within Phillips 66's Sweeny Hub, exercisable at the in-service date, which is expected to be in late 2020. COMMON UNIT DISTRIBUTIONS On January 22, 2020, DCP announced a quarterly common unit distribution of $0.78 per limited partner unit. This distribution remains unchanged from the previous quarter. DCP generated distributable cash flow of $175 million and $762 million for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2019, respectively. Distributions declared were $162 million for the fourth quarter of 2019 and $626 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, resulting in declared distribution coverage ratios of 1.08 times and 1.22 times for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2019, respectively. FOURTH QUARTER 2019 OPERATING RESULTS BY BUSINESS SEGMENT Logistics and Marketing Logistics and Marketing Segment net income attributable to partners for the three months ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was $149 million and $152 million, respectively. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased to $178 million for the three months ended December 31, 2019, from $148 million for the three months ended December 31, 2018, reflecting higher equity earnings and distributions driven by increased volumes on Sand Hills, new Gulf Coast Express volumes and favorable NGL marketing margins, partially offset by decreased Southern Hills volumes, lower earnings from Guadalupe and the sale of our wholesale propane business. Gathering and Processing Gathering and Processing Segment net income attributable to partners for the three months ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was $12 million and $89 million, respectively. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased to $190 million for the three months ended December 31, 2019, from $170 million for the three months ended December 31, 2018, reflecting lower operating costs, higher realized cash settlement gains related to DCP's commodity derivative program, increased volumes in the Permian, and DJ Basin growth, partially offset by sustained lower commodity prices and volume declines in the Midcontinent region. CAPITALIZATION, LIQUIDITY, AND FINANCING Debt and Credit Facilities DCP has two credit facilities with up to $1.75 billion of total capacity. Proceeds from these facilities can be used for working capital requirements and other general partnership purposes including growth and acquisitions. DCP has a $1.4 billion senior unsecured revolving credit agreement that matures on December 9, 2024, or the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2019, total available capacity under the Credit Agreement was $1,185 million net of $200 million of outstanding borrowings and $15 million of letters of credit. DCP has an accounts receivable securitization facility that provides up to $350 million of borrowing capacity at LIBOR market index rates plus a margin through August 12, 2022. As of December 31, 2019, DCP had $350 million of outstanding borrowings under the accounts receivable securitization facility. As of December 31, 2019, DCP had $5,925 million of total consolidated principal debt outstanding, including $600 million of current maturities. The total debt outstanding includes $550 million of junior subordinated notes which are excluded from debt pursuant to DCP's Credit Agreement leverage ratio calculation. For the year ended December 31, 2019, DCP's leverage ratio was 3.96 times. The effective interest rate on DCP's overall debt position, as of December 31, 2019, was 5.26%. CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND INVESTMENTS During the quarter and year ended December 31, 2019, DCP had expansion capital expenditures and equity investments totaling $203 million and $887 million, and sustaining capital expenditures totaling $27 million and $83 million, respectively. EARNINGS CALL DCP will host a conference call webcast tomorrow, February 12, 2020 , at 11:00 a.m. ET, to discuss its fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings and its 2020 guidance. The live audio webcast of the conference call and presentation slides can be accessed through the Investors section on the DCP website at www.dcpmidstream.com and the conference call can be accessed by dialing (844) 233-0113 in the United States or (574) 990-1008 outside the United States. The conference confirmation number is 7552188. An audio webcast replay, presentation slides and transcript will also be available by accessing the Investors section on the DCP website. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATION This press release and the accompanying financial schedules include the following non-GAAP financial measures: adjusted EBITDA, distributable cash flow and adjusted segment EBITDA. The accompanying schedules provide reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. DCP's non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to its financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP, including operating revenues, net income or loss attributable to partners, net cash provided by or used in operating activities or any other measure of liquidity or financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP as a measure of operating performance, liquidity or ability to service debt obligations and make cash distributions to unitholders. The non-GAAP financial measures presented by DCP may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because they may not calculate their measures in the same manner. DCP defines adjusted EBITDA as net income or loss attributable to partners adjusted for (i) distributions from unconsolidated affiliates, net of earnings, (ii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iii) net interest expense, (iv) noncontrolling interest in depreciation and income tax expense, (v) unrealized gains and losses from commodity derivatives, (vi) income tax expense or benefit, (vii) impairment expense and (viii) certain other non-cash items. Adjusted EBITDA further excludes items of income or loss that we characterize as unrepresentative of our ongoing operations. Management believes these measures provide investors meaningful insight into results from ongoing operations. The commodity derivative non-cash losses and gains result from the marking to market of certain financial derivatives used by us for risk management purposes that we do not account for under the hedge method of accounting. These non-cash losses or gains may or may not be realized in future periods when the derivative contracts are settled, due to fluctuating commodity prices. Adjusted EBITDA is used as a supplemental liquidity and performance measure and adjusted segment EBITDA is used as a supplemental performance measure by DCP's management and by external users of its financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks, research analysts and others to assess: financial performance of DCP's assets without regard to financing methods, capital structure or historical cost basis; DCP's operating performance and return on capital as compared to those of other companies in the midstream energy industry, without regard to financing methods or capital structure; viability and performance of acquisitions and capital expenditure projects and the overall rates of return on investment opportunities; performance of DCP's business excluding non-cash commodity derivative gains or losses; and in the case of Adjusted EBITDA, the ability of DCP's assets to generate cash sufficient to pay interest costs, support its indebtedness, make cash distributions to its unitholders and pay sustaining capital expenditures. DCP defines adjusted segment EBITDA for each segment as segment net income or loss attributable to partners adjusted for (i) distributions from unconsolidated affiliates, net of earnings, (ii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iii) net interest expense, (iv) noncontrolling interest in depreciation and income tax expense, (v) unrealized gains and losses from commodity derivatives, (vi) income tax expense or benefit, (vii) impairment expense and (viii) certain other non-cash items. Adjusted segment EBITDA further excludes items of income or loss that we characterize as unrepresentative of our ongoing operations for that segment for that segment. DCP defines distributable cash flow as adjusted EBITDA less sustaining capital expenditures, net of reimbursable projects, interest expense, cumulative cash distributions earned by the Series A, Series B and Series C Preferred Units (collectively the "Preferred Limited Partnership Units") and certain other items. Sustaining capital expenditures are cash expenditures made to maintain DCP's cash flows, operating capacity or earnings capacity. These expenditures add on to or improve capital assets owned, including certain system integrity, compliance and safety improvements. Sustaining capital expenditures also include certain well connects, and may include the acquisition or construction of new capital assets. Income attributable to preferred units represent cash distributions earned by the Preferred Limited Partnership Units. Cash distributions to be paid to the holders of the Preferred Limited Partnership Units, assuming a distribution is declared by DCP's board of directors, are not available to common unit holders. Non-cash mark-to-market of derivative instruments is considered to be non-cash for the purpose of computing distributable cash flow because settlement will not occur until future periods, and will be impacted by future changes in commodity prices and interest rates. DCP compares the distributable cash flow it generates to the cash distributions it expects to pay to its partners. Using this metric, DCP computes its distribution coverage ratio. Distributable cash flow is used as a supplemental liquidity and performance measure by DCP's management and by external users of its financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks, research analysts and others, to assess DCP's ability to make cash distributions to its unitholders. ABOUT DCP MIDSTREAM, LP DCP Midstream, LP (NYSE: DCP) is a Fortune 500 midstream master limited partnership headquartered in Denver, Colorado, with a diversified portfolio of gathering, processing, logistics and marketing assets. DCP is one of the largest natural gas liquids producers and marketers, and one of the largest natural gas processors in the U.S. The owner of DCP s general partner is a joint venture between Enbridge and Phillips 66. For more information, visit the DCP Midstream, LP website at www.dcpmidstream.com. CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS This press release may contain or incorporate by reference forward-looking statements as defined under the federal securities laws regarding DCP Midstream, LP, including projections, estimates, forecasts, plans and objectives. Although management believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, no assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to be correct. In addition, these statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other assumptions that are difficult to predict and may be beyond DCP's control. If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, DCP's actual results may vary materially from what management forecasted, anticipated, estimated, projected or expected. The key risk factors that may have a direct bearing on DCP's results of operations and financial condition are described in detail in the "Risk Factors" section of DCP's most recently filed annual report and subsequently filed quarterly reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Investors are encouraged to closely consider the disclosures and risk factors contained in DCP's annual and quarterly reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward looking statements contained herein speak as of the date of this announcement. DCP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities laws. Information contained in this press release is unaudited and subject to change. Investors or Analysts: Sarah Sandberg scsandberg@dcpmidstream.com 303-605-1626 DCP MIDSTREAM, LP FINANCIAL RESULTS AND SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 (Millions, except per unit amounts) Sales of natural gas, NGLs and condensate $ 1,830 $ 2,366 $ 7,199 $ 9,374 Transportation, processing and other 113 118 439 489 Trading and marketing (losses) gains, net (14 ) 123 (13 ) (41 ) Total operating revenues 1,929 2,607 7,625 9,822 Purchases and related costs (1,554 ) (1,995 ) (6,022 ) (8,019 ) Operating and maintenance expense (181 ) (217 ) (728 ) (760 ) Depreciation and amortization expense (100 ) (99 ) (404 ) (388 ) General and administrative expense (74 ) (77 ) (275 ) (276 ) Asset impairments (145 ) (247 ) (145 ) Loss on sale of assets (66 ) (80 ) Restructuring costs (11 ) Other expense, net (2 ) (4 ) (8 ) (11 ) Total operating costs and expenses (1,977 ) (2,537 ) (7,775 ) (9,599 ) Operating (loss) income (48 ) 70 (150 ) 223 Loss from financing activities (19 ) Interest expense, net (83 ) (66 ) (304 ) (269 ) Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 130 92 474 370 Income tax benefit (expense) 3 (1 ) 1 (3 ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (1 ) (1 ) (4 ) (4 ) Net income attributable to partners 1 94 17 298 Series A preferred partner's interest in net income (9 ) (9 ) (37 ) (37 ) Series B preferred partner's interest in net income (4 ) (3 ) (13 ) (8 ) Series C preferred partner's interest in net income (2 ) (2 ) (9 ) (2 ) General partner's interest in net income (41 ) (118 ) (164 ) Net (loss) income allocable to limited partners $ (14 ) $ 39 $ (160 ) $ 87 Net (loss) income per limited partner unit basic and diluted $ (0.08 ) $ 0.28 $ (1.05 ) $ 0.61 Weighted-average limited partner units outstanding basic and diluted 182.2 143.3 153.1 143.3 December 31, December 31, 2019 2018 (Millions) Cash and cash equivalents $ 1 $ 1 Other current assets 1,079 1,270 Property, plant and equipment, net 8,811 9,135 Other long-term assets 4,236 3,860 Total assets $ 14,127 $ 14,266 Current liabilities $ 1,190 $ 1,379 Current debt 603 525 Long-term debt 5,321 4,782 Other long-term liabilities 380 283 Partners' equity 6,605 7,268 Noncontrolling interests 28 29 Total liabilities and equity $ 14,127 $ 14,266 DCP MIDSTREAM, LP RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 (Millions) Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures: Net income attributable to partners $ 1 $ 94 $ 17 $ 298 Interest expense, net 83 66 304 269 Depreciation, amortization and income tax benefit (expense), net of noncontrolling interests 97 100 402 390 Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates, net of earnings 12 24 66 71 Asset impairments 145 247 145 Loss from financing activities 19 Other non-cash charges 3 6 8 Loss on sale of assets 66 80 Non-cash commodity derivative mark-to-market 37 (187 ) 78 (108 ) Adjusted EBITDA 296 245 1,200 1,092 Interest expense, net (83 ) (66 ) (304 ) (269 ) Sustaining capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest portion and reimbursable projects (27 ) (30 ) (83 ) (99 ) Preferred unit distributions *** (15 ) (14 ) (59 ) (47 ) Other, net 4 3 8 7 Distributable cash flow $ 175 $ 138 $ 762 $ 684 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 222 $ 121 $ 859 $ 662 Interest expense, net 83 66 304 269 Net changes in operating assets and liabilities (30 ) 244 (20 ) 278 Non-cash commodity derivative mark-to-market 37 (187 ) 78 (108 ) Other, net (16 ) 1 (21 ) (9 ) Adjusted EBITDA 296 245 1,200 1,092 Interest expense, net (83 ) (66 ) (304 ) (269 ) Sustaining capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest portion and reimbursable projects (27 ) (30 ) (83 ) (99 ) Preferred unit distributions *** (15 ) (14 ) (59 ) (47 ) Other, net 4 3 8 7 Distributable cash flow $ 175 $ 138 $ 762 $ 684 *** Represents cumulative cash distributions earned by the Series A, B and C Preferred Units, assuming distributions are declared by DCP's board of directors. DCP MIDSTREAM, LP RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES SEGMENT FINANCIAL RESULTS AND OPERATING DATA (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 (Millions, except as indicated) Logistics and Marketing Segment: Financial results: Segment net income attributable to partners $ 149 $ 152 $ 605 $ 509 Non-cash commodity derivative mark-to-market 14 (26 ) 29 4 Depreciation and amortization expense 9 4 19 15 Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates, net of earnings 7 18 44 49 Asset impairments 35 Loss on sale of assets 10 Other charges (1 ) Adjusted segment EBITDA $ 178 $ 148 $ 742 $ 577 Operating and financial data: NGL pipelines throughput (MBbls/d) 599 601 626 582 NGL fractionator throughput (MBbls/d) 58 55 60 58 Operating and maintenance expense $ 13 $ 11 $ 42 $ 47 Gathering and Processing Segment: Financial results: Segment net income attributable to partners $ 12 $ 89 $ 22 $ 374 Non-cash commodity derivative mark-to-market 23 (161 ) 49 (112 ) Depreciation and amortization expense, net of noncontrolling interest 83 88 354 345 Asset impairments 145 212 145 Loss on sale of assets 66 70 Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates, net of earnings 5 6 22 22 Other charges 1 3 6 7 Adjusted segment EBITDA $ 190 $ 170 $ 735 $ 781 Operating and financial data: Natural gas wellhead (MMcf/d) 4,998 4,930 4,941 4,769 NGL gross production (MBbls/d) 404 403 417 413 Operating and maintenance expense $ 162 $ 200 $ 664 $ 692 DCP MIDSTREAM, LP RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2019 2019 (Millions, except as indicated) Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures: Distributable cash flow $ 175 $ 762 Distributions declared $ 162 $ 626 Distribution coverage ratio - declared 1.08 x 1.22 x Distributable cash flow $ 175 $ 762 Distributions paid $ 155 $ 618 Distribution coverage ratio - paid 1.13 x 1.23 x Quarter Ended March 31, 2019 Quarter Ended June 30, 2019 Quarter Ended September 30, 2019 Quarter Ended December 31, 2019 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2019 (Millions, except as indicated) Distributable cash flow $ 224 $ 173 $ 190 $ 175 $ 762 Distributions declared $ 155 $ 154 $ 155 $ 162 $ 626 Distribution coverage ratio - declared 1.45 x 1.12 x 1.23 x 1.08 x 1.22 x Distributable cash flow $ 224 $ 173 $ 190 $ 175 $ 762 Distributions paid $ 154 $ 155 $ 154 $ 155 $ 618 Distribution coverage ratio - paid 1.45 x 1.12 x 1.23 x 1.13 x 1.23 x DCP MIDSTREAM, LP RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES (Unaudited)

InflaRx Announces Positive Initial Data from Ongoing Phase IIa Open Label Study with IFX-1 in Patients Suffering from Pyoderma Gangraenosum Two out of the first five patients dosed with IFX-1 achieved complete remission Dose escalation warranted by pharmacodynamic analysis and approved by relevant authorities for a total enrollment of 18 patients in 3 dose cohorts InflaRx to present initial data at the SVB Leerink Global Healthcare Conference today at 9:00 am EST (3:00 pm CET). JENA, Germany, Feb. 26, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- InflaRx N.V. (Nasdaq: IFRX), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing anti-inflammatory therapeutics by targeting the complement system, announces positive initial data from the first 5 patients in the Phase IIa open label study with IFX-1 in patients suffering from Pyoderma Gangraenosum (PG). PG is a rare and debilitating neutrophil-driven, autoinflammatory skin disease, characterized by an acute, destructive ulcerating process of the skin, primarily occurring on the legs but also other regions of the body. The exact prevalence of PG is not yet known, but it is estimated that up to 50,000 patients in the US and Europe are affected by this disease. There are currently no FDA approved therapies for the treatment of PG. The ongoing Phase IIa open label, proof-of-concept study has thus far enrolled 5 patients with PG under primary investigator Dr. Afsaneh Alavi, Assistant Prof. of Dermatology, University of Toronto. These are the first reported data investigating complement inhibition in Pyoderma Gangraenosum, and they provide encouraging early evidence that inhibiting C5a may provide treatment benefit for these tremendously suffering patients, Dr. Alavi explained. A complete healing response in 2 out of 5 patients who failed to respond to standard of care therapy can be interpreted as drug activity of IFX-1 since placebo responses in previous PG trials are known to be low, she added. Patients in this first dosing group are being treated with 800mg of IFX-1 biweekly for 12 weeks after an initial run-in phase with three doses of 800mg on day 1, 4 and 8 of the study, with a three-month observational period. The main objectives of the study are the evaluation of the safety and efficacy of IFX-1 in patients with PG. Efficacy is being evaluated by a responder rate defined as Physician Global Assessment 3 of the target ulcer at various timepoints and time to complete closure (remission) of the target ulcer. Out of the first 5 initial patients dosed with IFX-1, 2 patients achieved complete closure of the target ulcer. One patient completed the treatment period demonstrating a full healing of the disease, including all other affected areas. This patient continues to remain disease free approximately 2 months after being taken off IFX-1 therapy. The second patient had almost complete healing of all other PG affected areas except for one minimal opening. This patient is close to completion of therapy. Both patients in remission had previously failed to respond to different therapeutic treatment attempts, including high dose glucocorticoids, and both patients showed elevated C5a levels in plasma at baseline. An additional patient who completed the study showed initial wound healing activity in the first 2-3 weeks of treatment, but no wound size decrease or closure was detected. The remaining 2 patients who are still under treatment have severe disease, including very large and extensive ulcers. Both patients did not show a healing response but are eligible for a dose escalation. Pharmacodynamic analysis of the C5a levels over time of treatment indicated that a dose escalation may provide better control over C5a levels throughout the treatment period. The drug was well tolerated and no drug-related severe adverse events (SAE) have been recorded to date in the study. These are encouraging first signs of drug activity for IFX-1 in PG, and we are eager to investigate the approved dose escalation in additional patients as we are enlarging the current study, commented Prof. Niels C. Riedemann, CEO and Founder of InflaRx. The Phase IIa open label study will continue to enroll patients with two approved additional dose escalation schemes in a sequential manner. The targeted patient number for enrollment is expected to be 18. About IFX-1: IFX-1 is a first-in-class monoclonal anti-human complement factor C5a antibody, which highly and effectively blocks the biological activity of C5a and demonstrates high selectivity towards its target in human blood. Thus, IFX-1 leaves the formation of the membrane attack complex (C5b-9) intact as an important defense mechanism, which is not the case for molecules blocking the cleavage of C5. IFX-1 has been demonstrated to control the inflammatory response driven tissue and organ damage by specifically blocking C5a as a key amplifier of this response in pre-clinical studies. IFX-1 is believed to be the first monoclonal anti-C5a antibody introduced into clinical development. Approximately 300 people have been treated with IFX-1 in clinical trials, and the antibody has been shown to be well tolerated. IFX-1 is currently being developed for various inflammatory indications, including Hidradenitis Suppurativa, ANCA-associated vasculitis and Pyoderma Gangraenosum. About Pyoderma Gangraenosum (PG): PG is a rare ulcerative skin disorder that can lead to chronic painful and difficult to treat wounds. It occurs in people in their 40s and 50s. Many PG patients also suffer from other autoimmune disorders, including inflammatory bowel diseases like ulcerative colitis, arthritides like rheumatoid arthritis, and hematological diseases such as multiple myeloma. Patients suffer from severe pain, long healing times, and frequent relapses. There are no FDA approved drugs currently approved for the treatment of PG. Current treatment options include the use of systemic immunosuppression in rapidly progressing cases. C5a is a key factor for neutrophil tissue infiltration and neutrophil activation, which are believed to play a key amplifying role in PG. Thus, C5a inhibition may be able to prevent neutrophil infiltration and activation in PG patients. Given the detected activity of C5a inhibition by IFX-1 in another neutrophil-driven skin disorder, Hidradenitis Suppurativa, InflaRx is currently conducting a Phase IIa clinical study to investigate a potential benefit of IFX-1 for patients suffering from PG. This study is currently recruiting patients. About InflaRx N.V.: InflaRx (Nasdaq: IFRX) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on applying its proprietary anti-C5a technology to discover and develop first-in-class, potent and specific inhibitors of C5a. Complement C5a is a powerful inflammatory mediator involved in the progression of a wide variety of autoimmune and other inflammatory diseases. InflaRx was founded in 2007, and the group has offices and subsidiaries in Jena and Munich, Germany, as well as Ann Arbor, MI, USA. For further information please visit www.inflarx.com. Contacts: InflaRx N.V. Jordan Zwick Global Head of Business Development & Corporate Strategy Email: jordan.zwick[at]inflarx.de Tel: +1 585-329-5807 MC Services AG Katja Arnold, Laurie Doyle, Andreas Jungfer Email: inflarx[at]mc-services.eu Europe: +49 89-210 2280 US: +1-339-832-0752 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, which are often indicated by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, estimate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements appear in a number of places throughout this release and may include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs, projections, outlook, analyses and current expectations concerning, among other things, our ongoing and planned preclinical development and clinical trials, the timing of and our ability to make regulatory filings and obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our product candidates, our intellectual property position, our ability to develop commercial functions, expectations regarding clinical trial data, our results of operations, cash needs, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, future transactions, growth and strategies, the industry in which we operate, the trends that may affect the industry or us and the risks uncertainties and other factors described under the heading Risk Factors in InflaRx s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements speak only as of the date of this press release and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future, except as required by law.

Z Capital Partners and Affinity Gaming Proposes to Acquire Full House Resorts Merger Would Create Industry Leading Platform with Best in Class Portfolio of Resorts and Casinos NEW YORK and LAS VEGAS, Oct. 22, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Z Capital Partners ("Z Capital"), a leading alternative asset manager of private equity and credit funds, and its affiliate, Affinity Gaming ("Affinity"), today announced a proposal to acquire Full House Resorts ("Full House" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: FLL), a leading owner, developer and operator of gaming facilities throughout the country. The proposed transaction would be structured as a cash or stock transaction with an enterprise value of the Company of $132.5 million, which equates to $1.79 per share on a fully diluted basis. "Our proposal represents a unique and compelling opportunity to maximize value for stockholders and stakeholders in both companies," said James Zenni, Chairman of Affinity's Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Z Capital Partners. "Combining Full House's custom-designed, regional gaming properties with Affinity's complementary portfolio will create a best-in-class platform for value creation in this consolidating market. With an experienced and dedicated management team, Affinity would bring significant operational capabilities and expertise that we believe would further propel the combined company's growth and unlock unrealized potential for Full House stockholders." Zenni continued, "We look forward to a constructive dialogue with the Full House Resorts Board of Directors as they carry out their fiduciary duties on behalf of the Company's stockholders." As an established financial sponsor, Z Capital is confident it can obtain any necessary debt financing commitments needed to complete the proposed transaction and would agree to a post-signing "go shop" period to satisfy the Board's fiduciary duties. Upon closing, the combined company would remain headquartered in Las Vegas, with a management team led by recently appointed Affinity CEO, Tony Rodio, a proven executive with more than three decades of experience in the gaming industry and a strong track record of transformative growth. The full text of the letter sent to the Board of Directors of Full House on October 22, 2018 is below: Board of DirectorsFull House Resorts, Inc.One Summerlin1980 Festival Plaza Drive, Suite 680Las Vegas, Nevada 89135 Dear Full House Resorts, Inc. Board of Directors: Following our meeting with your management team earlier this month, Z Capital Partners, L.L.C. ("Z Capital") and its portfolio company Affinity Gaming (together with Z Capital, "we") are pleased to submit this non-binding proposal to acquire Full House Resorts, Inc. ("Full House Resorts" or the "Company"). The combination of Affinity Gaming and Full House Resorts would create an industry leader with a best-in-class portfolio of hotels and casinos in the United States. This proposal creates a unique opportunity not otherwise available to the Company's stockholders given the market capitalization and limited liquidity of the Company's stock. Transaction Structure. The transaction would be structured as a cash or stock transaction. Consideration. We would propose an enterprise valuation of the Company of $132.5 million, which equates to $1.79 per share on a fully diluted basis, in connection with the transaction. Financing. We would expect to finance the proposed transaction with debt financing from third party financial institutions with whom Z Capital has longstanding relationships. We are highly confident that we can obtain any necessary debt financial commitments needed to complete the proposed transaction. Due Diligence and Exclusivity. Z Capital would require a reasonable period to complete customary due diligence. Z Capital intends to work with a team of third-party advisors that it has worked with on other similar transactions to complete its due diligence and assist with review of the transaction, including Sidley Austin LLP as legal counsel. Prior to commencement of due diligence, Z Capital would require the Company to enter into a customary exclusivity agreement during which the Company would agree to negotiate the definitive documentation exclusively with Z Capital and not solicit any alternative transaction. Z Capital would be prepared to agree to a post-signing "go shop" period to satisfy the fiduciary duty of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"). Conditions. The proposed transaction would be subject to: (a) satisfactory completion of due diligence; (b) receipt of debt financing commitments with respect to the debt financing necessary to complete this transaction; and (c) negotiation of one or more satisfactory definitive agreements with representations, warranties, covenants and closing conditions that are reasonable and customary for transactions of this type. We are prepared to commence work immediately to satisfy these conditions. We are highly confident that the conditions can be satisfied expeditiously. Non-Binding Letter of Intent. This Letter of Intent is non-binding and is intended only as a proposal summarizing key terms of a proposed acquisition of or merger with the Company. This Letter of Intent does not create any agreement, obligation, right, duties or commitment by any party to enter into any agreement. No obligation will arise or be created unless and until one or more definitive agreements are executed and delivered by the applicable parties. Timing. We hope to work with you on a negotiated basis to complete this transaction successfully, and are prepared to deliver a draft merger agreement, subject to our due diligence process. We suggest that we enter into a non-disclosure agreement with you so that we can begin due diligence and discussions with your financial and legal advisors at your earliest convenience. Due to the importance of these discussions and the value represented by our proposal, we expect the Board to engage in a full review of our proposal. We would be happy to make our team available to meet with the Board at your earliest convenience. To the extent we fail to hear a favorable response from the Board to our proposal by October 29, 2018, we reserve the right to take our proposal directly to the Company's shareholders. Best regards, Z Capital Partners, L.L.C.Name: James J. Zenni, Jr.Title: President & CEO Affinity GamingName: James J. Zenni, Jr.Title: Chairman, Board of Directors Sidley Austin LLP is serving as legal counsel to Z Capital and Affinity. About Z Capital GroupZ Capital Group, L.L.C. and its subsidiaries ("Z Capital") are a leading alternative asset management firm with approximately $2.3 billion of regulatory assets under management. For over two decades, the Partners of Z Capital have worked exclusively to realize significant capital appreciation by making controlling equity investments in manufacturing and industrial companies across a diverse array of industries, including basic materials, branded consumer, automotive parts, capital equipment and general manufacturing. Z Capital creates value for its investors by collaborating with talented management teams to generate investment returns by structurally improving the strategic position, competitiveness and profitability of its portfolio companies. The Z Capital Private Equity Funds' portfolio companies are within numerous industries, have aggregate annual revenues of approximately $1.3 billion, sell products in 57 countries, and have over 11,000 employees and an excess of 200,000 associates, directly and through joint ventures worldwide. The Z Capital investment strategy and portfolio companies are described at www.zcapgroup.net. About Affinity GamingAffinity Gaming is a diversified casino gaming company headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada. The company's casino operations consist of 11 casinos, five of which are located in Nevada, three in Colorado, two in Missouri and one in Iowa. For more information about Affinity Gaming, please visit its website: affinitygaming.com. Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended) concerning Z Capital, Affinity Gaming and Full House Resorts. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements that address Affinity Gaming's and the Company's expected future business and financial performance and statements about the proposed transaction involving Z Capital, Affinity Gaming and Full House Resorts and the expected benefits of the proposed transaction and other statements identified by words such as "will", "expect", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate", "should", "could", "would", "may", "intend", "plan", "potential", "target", "predict", "project", "aim", "opportunity", "tentative", "positioning", "designed", "create", "seek", "ongoing", "upside", "increase" or "continue" and variations or other similar words, phrases or expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs of the management of Z Capital, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, such management, current market trends and market conditions and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside Z Capital's and such management's control, and which may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Such risks, uncertainties and assumptions include: the ultimate outcome of any possible transaction involving Z Capital, Affinity Gaming and/or Full House Resorts, including the possibility that Full House Resorts will reject the proposed transaction with Z Capital and/or Affinity Gaming; uncertainties as to whether Full House Resorts will cooperate with Z Capital and/or Affinity Gaming regarding the proposed transaction; the effect of the announcement of the proposed transaction on the ability of Affinity Gaming and/or Full House Resorts to retain customers, to retain and hire key personnel and to maintain favorable relationships with suppliers or customers; the timing of the proposed transaction; the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and satisfy other closing conditions to the completion of the proposed transaction (including stockholder approvals); and other risks related to the completion of the proposed transaction and actions related thereto. Other risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could materially affect future results include: any risks associated with loss of Affinity Gaming's and/or the Company's customers and fluctuations in the timing and volume of significant customer demand; delays, challenges and expenses associated with receiving governmental and regulatory approvals and satisfying other closing conditions, and with integrating the Company with Affinity Gaming's existing businesses and Affinity Gaming's ability to achieve the benefits, growth prospects and synergies expected from such transaction; the ability of Affinity Gaming to integrate the Company's business and make changes to its business model; Affinity Gaming's indebtedness, including the indebtedness that Affinity Gaming expects to incur in connection with the proposed transaction, and the need to generate sufficient cash flows to service and repay such debt; quarterly and annual fluctuations in operating results; Affinity Gaming's and the Company's competitive performance; rates of growth in Affinity Gaming's and the Company's target markets; and Affinity Gaming's and the Company's ability to maintain or improve gross margin;. Z Capital and/or Affinity Gaming undertake no intent or obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Additional Information This communication does not constitute an offer to buy or solicitation of an offer to sell any securities. This communication relates to a proposal which Z Capital has made for a transaction with Full House Resorts. In furtherance of this proposal and subject to future developments, Z Capital and/or Affinity Gaming (and, if a negotiated transaction is agreed, Full House Resorts) may file one or more registration statements, proxy statements, tender offer statements or other documents with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). This communication is not a substitute for any proxy statement, registration statement, tender offer statement, prospectus or other document Z Capital, Affinity Gaming and/or Full House Resorts may file with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF FULL HOUSE RESORTS ARE URGED TO READ ANY SUCH PROXY STATEMENT(S), REGISTRATION STATEMENT, TENDER OFFER STATEMENT, PROSPECTUS AND/OR OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE AS THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Any definitive proxy statement(s) or prospectus(es) (if and when available) will be mailed to stockholders of Full House Resorts. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of these documents (if and when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by Z Capital, Affinity Gaming and/or Full House Resorts through the web site maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This communication is neither a solicitation of a proxy nor a substitute for any proxy statement or other filings that may be made with the SEC. Nonetheless, Z Capital, Affinity Gaming and/or their respective directors and executive officers and other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transactions. Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants will be included in one or more registration statements, proxy statements, tender offer statements or other documents filed with the SEC if and when they become available. These documents (if and when available) may be obtained free of charge from the SEC's website http://www.sec.gov. Media ContactJonathan Keehner / Julie Oakes / Kate ClarkJoele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher212-355-4449 SOURCE Z Capital Partners Related Links http://www.zcapgroup.net

Yamana Gold Provides Exploration Update: Reports Exploration Success in New Areas at Minera Florida With the Potential to Significantly Expand Mineral Resource Base and Increase Mine Life; Exploration Download a PDF of detailed drill hole results for Mineral Florida Download a PDF of detailed drill hole results for El Pe n Download a PDF of detailed drill hole results for Jacobina TORONTO, Sept. 08, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- YAMANA GOLD INC. (TSX:YRI; NYSE:AUY) ( Yamana or the Company ) today provided an update on exploration results for the Minera Florida, El Pe n, and Jacobina mines. Exploration results continue to support year-over-year growth, with promising new discoveries in the first half of 2020, indicating excellent potential for new mineral reserves and mineral resources at year end. The commitment to near-mine exploration and to improving efficiencies at our operations has resulted in significant new mineralized zones not currently in life of mine plans. A separate exploration update on the Canadian Malartic mine, including drilling results and a mineral resource update for the East Gouldie zone, is planned for early in the fourth quarter. Please see the upcoming events section at the end of this press release for additional future catalysts. Exploration Highlights, Minera Florida Drilling results in new production sectors of the mine, most notably Patagua and Don Leopoldo, continue to expand these sectors along strike and down dip, which remain open in both directions, underscoring the potential for expansion of the mineral resource base in both sectors. Exploratory results in newly explored areas of the mine provided significant discoveries, including in the La Flor Oeste and Bandolera sectors, demonstrating the presence of a wider and underexplored mineralization footprint at Minera Florida with the potential to produce significant new near-mine results and expand the mineral resource base as well as life of mine. At La Flor Oeste, drilling returned excellent results, encountering wide zones of higher than current average mineral reserve grades. Highlights include the following estimated true width intercepts: 4.74 grams per tonne (g/t) of gold, 15.4 g/t of silver, and 0.56% of zinc over 8.6 metres (drill hole ALH2993); 8.68 g/t of gold, 15.8 g/t of silver, and 0.49% of zinc over 5.4 metres (ALH2790). At Bandolera, located adjacent to the core mine area, high grade intercepts demonstrate good potential for additional mineral resources. Recent estimated true width intercepts include: 13.68 g/t of gold, 10.0 g/t of silver, and 6.90% of zinc over 2.0 metres (ALH2890); and 18.99 g/t of gold, 155.3 g/t of silver, and 0.28% of zinc over 1.5 metres (ALH2861). Significance Exploration in important new production sectors outside the core mine area, including Patagua and Don Leopoldo, support Yamana s view of the Las Patagua corridor as a similar structural setting and style of mineralization to the core mine area. In addition, drill results in newly discovered sectors in underexplored areas of the property, such as La Flor Oeste and Bandolera, opened up higher-grade veins east and west of the Alhue block, further underscoring the potential to expand the mineral resource and life of mine. These exploration results support the Company s internal assessment that mine life for Minera Florida will exceed the life of mine implied by mineral reserves alone. The strategic mine life for Minera Florida is estimated at 10 years. Exploration Highlights, El Pe n Exploration continues to demonstrate the extension potential of several sectors, including Pampa Campamento, Martillo Flat, and El Valle, while also generating discoveries of new veins and mineralized structures in the core mine. Drilling at Pampa Campamento successfully extended the southern mineralized zone on deeper levels, where drill hole UIP0009 returned 24.01 g/t of gold and 233.8 g/t of silver over 2.8 metres estimated true width, indicating the continuity of mineralization down dip. At El Valle, the delineation drilling program intercepted wider mineralized intervals and defined the mineral envelope continuity along strike with good expansion potential. Notable drill results include 13.17 g/t of gold and 959.4 g/t of silver over 3.8 metres estimated true width (UEV0013). Exploration generated additional discoveries and new mineralized structures, with the definition of Quebrada Colorada Sur, a recently discovered vein system located in the south continuation of the historically productive Colorada structure. Significance Exploration results at El Pe n continue to highlight the expansion potential of historic sectors of the mine and support the Company s internal assessment that mine life at El Pe n will exceed mine life supported by mineral reserves alone. The strategic mine life for El Pe n is estimated to be at least 10 years. El Pe n has a 20-year track record of mineral resource discovery and production depletion replacement. The latest discoveries at El Pe n, which are located in areas adjacent to infrastructure, include wide intercepts in deeper extensions of major veins as well as lateral extensions of key past-producing areas of the mine, underscoring the potential for increased productivity at lower development costs. In addition, while the El Pe n plant has the capacity to process up to 4,200 tonnes of ore per day ( tpd ), it is currently processing 3,300 tpd, meaning new discoveries can be brought forward thereby increasing annual production. Exploration Highlights, Jacobina At the Jacobina Mine Complex, successful delineation drilling at Morro do Vento, continues to generate higher grade results in the Main Reef zone, including drill hole MVTEX00048, with multiple significant estimated true width intercepts including: 7.15 g/t of gold over 4.9 metres; 9.43 g/t of gold over 4.3 metres; and 5.80 g/t of gold over 3.8 metres, expanding the known reefs along strike and to depth, indicating excellent extension potential for additional mineral resources in these areas. At Canavieiras Central, the exploratory program has confirmed the presence of the mineralized reefs with high grade intercepts along strike toward Canavieiras Sul and indicated down plunge continuity for further mineral resource expansion potential in this direction. Highlights include drill hole CANEX82, with 4.35 g/t of gold over an estimated true width of 4.5 metres. Exploratory drilling at the Canavieiras Sul sector has confirmed the extension of the Maneira, LU, MU, and LVL reefs, expanding these zones along strike towards the south and further adding new areas for mineral resource expansion. Drilling highlights from this sector include: 7.29 g/t of gold over an estimated true width of 1.7 metres (CANEX70A) and 6.15 g/t of gold over an estimated true width of 1.9 metres (CANEX 88). Significance The exploration program at Jacobina continues to generate significant exploration results, with important new mineralized areas identified adjacent to the currently producing mines at Canavieiras Sul, Canavieiras Central, and Morro do Vento. The results support the Company s internal assessment that mine life for Jacobina will exceed the 15-year life of mine implied by mineral reserves alone. The strategic mine life for Jacobina is estimated at 20 years. Jacobina also has a long track record of replacing depletion of mineral reserves from mining. MINERA FLORIDA, EXPLORATION UPDATE Minera Florida has been a continuous producer for over 35 years with the historic core mine reporting more than 2.5 million ounces of gold and 14 million ounces of silver production. Consolidation of the property position through the acquisition of the Agua Fria concessions in 2017 has generated new discoveries, including Patagua, Don Leopoldo, Fantasma, and PV Sur. These discoveries, aided by extensions of historically mined veins, have successfully maintained gold mineral reserves, replacing depletion and adding mineral resources from new sectors. They contributed to strong production in the first half of 2020 and will provide the foundation for further production increases and mine life extensions. This year, the exploration program has generated discoveries in new areas of the property, both east and west of the core mine, including La Flor Oeste and Bandolera, indicating a larger mineralized footprint for future growth. The La Flor area in particular is returning exceptionally wide vein intercepts for the mine, providing better potential for mineral resource growth and operational efficiency. In addition, the delineation drilling program in the last quarter of 2019 and first half of 2020 focused on the Patagua and Don Leopoldo sectors, intersecting northwesterly-oriented vein systems that continue to demonstrate excellent potential, with strong mineralization along the intersection area of the two veins and new extensions along strike and down dip. At Patagua, delineation drilling results have expanded the known mineralized zones by 100 metres down dip, adding new mineralization in areas previously considered sub-economic, and through infill drilling along the intersection with the Don Leopoldo sector. Significant results from recent activity include the following estimated true width intercepts: 7.52 g/t of gold, 3.0 g/t of silver, and 0.49% of zinc over 2.5 metres (ALH2921); 11.55 g/t of gold, 5.3 g/t of silver, and 0.43% of zinc over 1.4 metres (ALH 3010); 4.19 g/t of gold, 11.3 g/t of silver, and 0.10% of zinc over 4.1 metres (ALH3059). See Figure 2 and Table 1 for additional results. Successful delineation drilling on Don Leopoldo continues to generate excellent results, defining a higher grade zone, with the following estimated true width intercepts: 5.86 g/t of gold, 27.9 g/t of silver, and 0.47% of zinc over 2.2 metres (ALH3028); 4.72 g/t of gold, 12.1 g/t of silver, and 0.07% of zinc over 1.5 metres (ALH3017). The Don Leopoldo zone remains open to the east and down plunge with the deepest hole (ALH2928) reporting 17.86 g/t of gold, 8.5 g/t of silver and 3.44% zinc over a 1.1 metres estimated true width. See Figure 3 and Table 1 for additional results. Historically, exploration at Minera Florida has been concentrated in the central Alhue structural block, where most of the underground development and past drilling has occurred. In recent years, exploration has expanded beyond the east and west limits of the Alhue block (see Figure 1). Exploratory drill testing in these new areas has successfully identified the continuity of mineralized veins beyond these perceived limits, both east and west of the central block. This work has generated significant new discoveries and demonstrates a much wider mineralization footprint on the large land package open to future exploration. To the west, exploration drilling has successfully defined the La Flor Oeste sector, encountering wide intercepts of higher-than-current mine reserves grades along this north-south oriented structure. Drilling to date has defined the La Flor Oeste vein system over a 300-metre strike length and over 100 metres of down-dip extent. The vein system and related structures remain open in all directions. Significant results from La Flor Oeste include the following estimated true width intercepts: 4.74 g/t of gold, 15.4 g/t of silver, and 0.56% of zinc over 8.6 metres (ALH2993); 8.68 g/t of gold, 15.8 g/t of silver, and 0.49% of zinc over 5.4 metres (ALH 2790); 6.76 g/t of gold, 22.2 g/t of silver, and 2.19% of zinc over 4.8 metres (ALH3009). Although historically the exploration focus at Minera Florida has been on northwest- and northeast-striking vein structures in the core mine area, recent exploratory results, such as the La Flor Oeste discovery, suggest that north-south oriented vein structures also represent viable exploration targets. Please see Figures 1 and 4 and Table 1 for additional results. To the east of the central Alhue structural block, drilling has identified the northwest-striking Bandolera vein system adjacent to current infrastructure. This new discovery has been defined over a 150-metre strike length and over a 300-metre vertical interval and remains open in all directions. Significant drilling results from Bandolera include the following estimated true width intercepts: 18.99 g/t of gold, 155.3 g/t of silver, and 0.28% of zinc over 1.5 metres (ALH 2861); 13.68 g/t of gold, 10.0 g/t of silver, and 6.90% of zinc over 2.0 metres (ALH 2890); 7.73 g/t of gold, 8.9 g/t of silver, and 0.08% of zinc over 1.0 metre (ALH 3002). Please see Figure 5 and Table 1 for additional results. Exploration in important new production sectors outside the core mine area, including Patagua and Don Leopoldo, support Yamana s view of the Las Patagua corridor as a similar structural setting and style of mineralization to the core mine area. In addition, drill results in newly discovered sectors in underexplored areas of the property, such as La Flor Oeste and Bandolera, opened up higher-grade veins east and west of the Alhue block, further underscoring the potential to expand the mineral resource and life of mine. Overall, these exploration results support the Company s internal assessment that mine life for Minera Florida will exceed the life of mine implied by mineral reserves alone. The Company s estimated strategic mine life for Minera Florida is 10 years. Figure 1: Minera Florida Location Map Showing Main Target Areas Discussed in Text, Geological Features, Principle Vein Systems, And Underground Workings. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/c5fea8a1-b406-473d-ae67-032810343464 Figure 2: Patagua Long Section Highlighting Recent Drilling Results. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/6fc46eb6-b9b0-43b5-a6f1-b96f432dca5c Figure 3: Don Leopoldo Long Section Highlighting Recent Drilling Results. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/5d9719ba-aea4-4881-bf4e-c0aaa41856ce Figure 4: La Flor Oeste Long Section Highlighting Recent Drilling Results. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/1f781f57-f475-44ae-8743-d71c3eeca976 Figure 5: Bandolera Long Section Highlighting Recent Drilling Results. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/aa7b31b9-117b-4243-ba65-ec1c6fb66e80 Table 1: Minera Florida New Drill Intercepts, Selected For Intervals Greater Than 3.5 g/t Of Gold Over Diluted Horizontal Width Of 1.2 Metres. Gold Equivalent (g/t) Equals Gold (g/t) Plus Silver (g/t) Divided by 113.6 Plus Zinc (%) Divided by 2.54. Hole Vein From (m) To (m) Interval (m) Horizontal Width (m) Estimated True Width (m) Au (g/t) Ag (g/t) Zn (%) Aueq (g/t) Au (g/t) Dil to 1.20 m ALH2921 Patagua Norte 142.80 146.73 3.93 2.50 2.50 7.52 3.0 0.49 7.74 7.52 ALH2925 147.66 150.00 2.34 2.11 2.10 4.86 15.8 4.74 6.86 4.86 ALH2941 147.00 148.04 1.04 0.98 0.96 39.84 26.6 0.20 40.15 32.54 ALH3010 156.44 157.93 1.49 1.45 1.40 11.55 5.3 0.43 11.77 11.55 ALH3059 161.05 165.55 4.50 4.10 4.06 4.19 11.3 0.10 4.33 4.19 ALH3043 155.82 157.30 1.48 1.42 1.40 4.25 11.1 1.19 4.82 4.25 ALH3028 Don Leopoldo 163.80 166.23 2.43 2.19 2.15 5.86 27.9 0.47 6.29 5.86 ALH2894 145.45 148.00 2.55 2.05 2.05 11.50 32.0 0.85 12.12 11.50 ALH2920 160.50 163.85 3.35 3.12 3.10 5.94 13.3 2.04 6.86 5.94 ALH2928 129.30 130.70 1.40 1.18 1.13 17.86 8.5 3.44 19.29 17.56 ALH3010 152.75 155.08 2.33 1.90 1.90 8.73 3.5 1.74 9.45 8.73 ALH3041 128.59 132.79 4.20 3.21 3.18 4.55 14.1 0.86 5.01 4.55 ALH3017 140.55 142.40 1.85 1.56 1.54 4.72 12.1 0.07 4.85 4.72 870 UG XC 1.00 3.40 2.40 2.40 2.38 3.84 19.0 0.05 4.03 3.84 ALH2783 La Flor Oeste 247.20 251.14 3.94 3.45 3.42 6.06 5.9 1.36 6.65 6.06 ALH2790 209.20 215.28 6.08 5.48 5.40 8.68 15.8 0.49 9.01 8.68 ALH2993 169.30 178.85 9.55 8.70 8.59 4.74 15.4 0.56 5.10 4.74 ALH3009 188.35 193.80 5.45 4.87 4.82 6.76 22.2 2.19 7.82 6.76 ALH3013 156.00 159.50 3.50 3.35 3.32 9.17 23.4 0.74 9.67 9.17 ALH3058 157.71 159.95 2.24 2.02 2.02 6.21 22.7 0.81 6.72 6.21 ALH2811 Bandolera 119.55 121.75 2.20 1.22 1.20 8.31 73.0 4.29 10.63 8.31 ALH2850 165.10 168.40 3.30 2.10 2.05 5.95 3.2 1.36 6.51 5.95 ALH2861 135.54 138.00 2.46 1.50 1.48 18.99 155.3 0.28 20.47 18.99 ALH2887 138.88 141.90 3.02 1.85 1.82 3.72 3.6 1.39 4.30 3.72 ALH2890 126.83 129.35 2.52 2.01 1.99 13.68 10.0 6.90 16.48 13.68 ALH2968 103.50 105.11 1.61 1.45 1.40 8.88 26.5 0.08 9.14 8.88 ALH2970 128.25 130.60 2.35 1.64 1.64 5.11 135.8 4.04 7.90 5.11 ALH3002 163.95 164.96 1.01 0.95 0.95 7.73 8.9 0.08 7.84 6.12 UGCHN024 1.70 5.40 3.70 3.70 3.50 6.29 52.0 0.11 6.79 6.29 EL PE N EXPLORATION UPDATE At El Pe n, exploration has focused on adding new areas to the mineral resource base outside of the current life of mine plans, resulting in several important recent discoveries close to mine infrastructure. Drilling at Pampa Campamento, Martillo Flat, and El Valle has successfully delineated the continuity of these veins to depth, strongly supporting mineral resource expansion. The Pampa Campamento and El Valle sectors are returning results from wide vein intercepts that indicate the potential of El Pe n to continue to provide wide veins that contribute to operational efficiency. At Pampa Campamento, delineation drilling has extended the current mineral resource envelop at depth over 150 metres along strike, including the following significant estimated true width intercepts: 15.94 g/t of gold and 286.9 g/t of silver over 2.3 metres (UIP0005); 7.96 g/t of gold and 157.5 g/t of silver over 1.2 metres (UIP0008); and 24.01 g/t of gold and 233.8 g/t of silver over 2.8 metres (UIP0009). Drill hole UIP0009, which is located approximately 250 metres north and to depth from holes UIP0005 and UIP0008, opens up significant area for additional exploration. Please see Figure 7 and Table 2 for additional drill results. At El Valle, exploration drilling successfully intersected the continuity of the vein system with wide, higher than average mine grade intervals, including the following highlights reported as estimated true widths: 13.17 g/t of gold and 959.4 g/t of silver over 3.8 metres (UEV0013); 10.73 g/t of gold and 145.9 g/t of silver over 3.5 metres (UEV0012). These results define the mineral envelope continuity along strike with good expansion potential. See Figure 8 and Table 2 for additional drill results. Delineation drilling at Martillo Flat also continues to expand the mineralized vein at depth. Significant results as estimated true widths include: 14.97 g/t of gold and 1,548.1 g/t of silver over 1.0 metres (35.02 g/t of gold equivalent diluted over a minimum mining width of 1.2 metres) (UIM0045); 6.40 g/t of gold and 354.0 g/t of silver over 1.9 metres (UEM0013); 14.60 g/t of gold and 1,033.0 g/t of silver over 0.5 metres (12.77 g/t of gold equivalent diluted over a minimum mining width of 1.2 metres) (UEM0011). See Figure 9 and Table 2 for additional drill results. The exploration program at El Pe n continues to demonstrate the potential of the El Pe n district. Exploratory drilling south of the prolific Colorada vein system has identified a new sub-parallel vein strand, Quebrada Colorada Sur. Recent drilling highlights from this new vein strand include the following estimated true width intercepts: 14.30 g/t of gold and 501.7 g/t of silver over 1.6 metres (SNX0973); 12.30 g/t of gold and 339.0 g/t of silver over 1.1 metres (14.83 g/t of gold equivalent diluted over a minimum mining width of 1.2 metres) (UEQ0004). These recent drilling results combined with a data review define a vein system over a 500-metre north-south strike length, which is open to expansion, that is the focus of an ongoing drill program. See Figure 10 and Table 2 for additional drill results. At El Pe n, a long, successful history of replacing depletion and adding new mineral resources reflects the resilience and quality of Yamana s large flagship epithermal deposit, which has been actively mined for more than 20 years. The results continue to highlight the expansion potential of historic sectors of the mine and support the Company s internal assessment that mine life at El Pe n will exceed mine life supported by mineral reserves alone. The strategic mine life for El Pe n is estimated to be at least 10 years. In addition, wide intercepts in deeper extensions of major veins and along lateral extensions of key past-producing areas of the mine underscore the potential for increased productivity at lower development costs, while the available excess mill capacity will allow significant operational flexibility. Figure 6: El Pe n Property Plan Map Showing Principle Veins And Select Exploration Target Areas. Star Symbol Indicates Location Of Mine Plant Facility. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/17a3902b-4efd-476c-958c-0f4795d7f773 Figure 7: El Pe n, Pampa Campamento Vein Long Section Highlighting Recent Drilling Results. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/9df7d296-ec2f-413a-b8bb-6899cfe0c0ea Figure 8: El Valle Vein Long Section Highlighting Recent Drilling Results. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/71b4a6c6-73b3-4289-8978-60a739019bd0 Figure 9: El Pe n Martillo Flat Vein Long Section Highlighting Recent Drilling Results. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/ff5d0c6d-ad37-45be-b37f-a66cdf51c83d Figure 10: Quebrada Colorada Sur Plan Map Highlighting Recent Drilling Results. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/152e1e58-801e-4ea4-ad65-b6cdc978cdb5 Table 2: El Pe n New Drill Intercepts, Select for Intervals Greater Than 3.5 g/t Of Gold Over Diluted Horizontal Width Of 1.2 Metres. Gold Equivalent (g/t) Equals Gold (g/t) Plus Silver (g/t) Divided by 75. Hole Vein From (m) To (m) Interval (m) Horizontal Width (m) Estimated True Width (m) Au (g/t) Ag (g/t) Aueq (g/t) Au (g/t) Dil to 1.20 m UEV0012 El Valle 259.70 263.42 3.72 3.58 3.46 10.73 145.9 12.68 10.73 UEV0013 266.00 270.22 4.22 3.90 3.80 13.17 959.4 25.96 13.17 UIM0045 Martillo Flat 174.05 179.75 5.70 1.18 0.98 14.97 1548.1 35.61 14.72 UEM0011 151.90 152.95 1.05 0.54 0.49 14.60 1033.0 28.37 6.57 UEM0013 133.50 137.68 4.18 2.08 1.94 6.40 354.0 11.12 6.40 SIP0002 Paloma 363.36 364.21 0.85 0.65 0.65 39.10 76.2 40.12 21.18 SIU0001 433.33 434.78 1.45 0.95 0.95 33.70 32.0 34.13 26.68 SIU0005 332.00 336.51 4.51 2.74 2.65 4.64 191.7 7.20 4.64 UIP0005 Pampa Campamento 215.00 219.90 4.90 2.30 2.27 15.94 286.9 19.77 15.94 UIP0007 176.90 177.42 0.52 0.27 0.27 16.50 438.0 22.34 3.71 UIP0008 190.80 193.65 2.85 1.18 1.16 7.96 157.5 10.06 7.83 UIP0009 326.77 331.43 4.66 2.80 2.79 24.01 233.8 27.13 24.01 SIO0005 Playa 55.65 59.40 3.75 2.85 2.78 5.38 194.9 7.98 5.38 SNX0973 Quebrada Colorada Sur 301.50 303.50 2.00 1.69 1.64 14.30 501.7 20.99 14.30 315.50 316.50 1.00 0.56 0.54 8.85 430.0 14.58 4.13 UEQ0004 111.00 112.30 1.30 1.06 1.05 12.30 339.0 16.82 10.84 JACOBINA EXPLORATION UPDATE The exploration program at the Jacobina Mine Complex continues to generate significant results, with important new mineralized areas identified adjacent to the currently producing mines at Canavieiras Sul, Canavieiras Central, and Morro do Vento, strongly supporting the continued expansion of the mineral resources base. The results support the Company s internal assessment that mine life for Jacobina will exceed the 15-year life of mine implied by mineral reserves alone. The Company s estimated strategic life of mine for Jacobina is 20 years. The operation has a long track record of replacing depletion of mineral reserves from mining. At Morro do Vento, successful delineation drilling continues to generate higher grade results in the Main Reef zone, including the following estimated true width intercepts: 7.15 g/t of gold over 4.9 metres, 9.43 g/t of gold over 4.3 metres, and 5.80 g/t of gold over 3.8 metres (MVTEX048). These results open up 150 metres down plunge on the Main Reef and indicate that the reef remains open for additional expansion. See Figure 12 and Table 3 for additional results, which will be incorporated into the mineral resource update planned for year-end. At Canavieiras Central, exploratory drilling along the south extension towards Canavieiras Sul has confirmed the presence of the LVL and Maneira reefs, with estimated true width intercepts of 4.35 g/t of gold over 4.5 metres (CANEX82) and 3.70 g/t of gold over 3.1 metres (CANEX 92). The results open up 300 metres of strike potential and indicate down plunge continuity in a southwest direction to be further explored. See Figure 13 for additional results. Exploratory drilling at Canavieiras Sul in the second quarter of 2020 continued to provide excellent results, demonstrating the potential extension of the Maneira, LU, MU, and LVL reefs in this mine. Drilling expanded over 150 metres to the south of the known extents of the LU and LVL reefs and opened up an additional 100 metres of the Maneira reef. Significant drill results include the following estimated true width intervals: 7.29 g/t of gold over 1.7 metres (CANEX70A); 6.15 g/t of gold over 1.9 metres (CANEX88). See Figure 13 for additional results. Figure 11: Jacobina Location Map Showing Main Target Areas and Mines. Star Symbol Indicates Location of Mine Plant Facility. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/9fe099e1-43d6-4bfd-91b7-a52a11fb8493 Figure 12: Jacobina Morro Do Vento Long Section Highlighting Recent Drilling Results. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/f50a6820-4db5-495d-85c0-f6b99d051d21 Figure 13: Jacobina Canavieiras Long Section Highlighting Recent Drilling Results. https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/15d2b23a-5c1c-424d-809e-425a8fdb20fc Table 3: Jacobina New Drill Intercepts, Select For Intervals Greater Than 2.5 g/t Gold Over Diluted Width Of 3.0 Metres. Hole Sector Reef From (m) To (m) Interval (m) Estimated True Width (m) Au (g/t) Au (g/t) Dil to 3.0 m CANEX70A Canavieiras Sul LU 168.50 171.00 2.50 1.67 7.29 4.07 CANEX88 LVL 160.50 162.50 2.00 1.93 6.15 3.96 LVL 172.12 175.00 2.88 2.78 3.27 3.04 CANEX82 Canavieiras Central LVL 252.96 258.06 5.10 4.47 4.35 4.35 CANEX00092 Maneira 116.50 120.50 4.00 3.12 3.70 3.70 MVTEX00048 Morro do Vento MR 243.50 251.00 7.50 4.89 7.15 7.15 MR 266.00 272.50 6.50 4.26 9.43 9.43 MR 274.59 280.50 5.91 3.82 5.80 5.80 FW 382.50 388.50 6.00 2.67 7.22 6.43 UPCOMING EVENTS The Company would like to highlight a number of notable upcoming events and milestones. These include: The Company expects to begin trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange prior to the release of its third quarter results. The release of third quarter financial and operational results on October 29, 2020. An exploration update press release for the Canadian Malartic mine, including drilling results and a mineral resource update for the East Gouldie zone is planned for early in the fourth quarter. An exploration update press release highlighting progress on select projects in the Company s generative exploration program, including Monument Bay, Domain, Borborema, and Ivolandia is planned in the fourth quarter. The generative exploration program is focused on the Company s most highly prospective exploration projects with the long-term goal of advancing at least one project to a mineral inventory large enough to support a mine with annual production of approximately 150,000 for at least eight years. There are currently seven projects in the program. While the Company s exploration program at Cerro Moro was initially delayed this year due to certain COVID-19 related restrictions, drilling is currently ramping up to complete the planned mineral reserve and mineral resource delineation program by year-end. A preliminary economic assessment on the Canadian Malartic underground project is expected to be completed in 2021. A feasibility study for Phase 2 of the Jacobina mine expansion is expected to be completed in 2021. A feasibility study for the Agua Rica project is expected to be completed in 2021. Qualified Persons Scientific and technical information contained in this press release has been reviewed and approved by Henry Marsden (P. Geo. and Senior Vice President, Exploration). Mr. Marsden is an employee of Yamana Gold Inc. and a Qualified Person as defined by Canadian Securities Administrators' National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects. Quality Assurance and Quality Control Yamana incorporates a Quality Assurance and Quality Control ( QA/QC ) program for all of its mines and exploration projects which conforms to industry best practices. Samples are transported in security sealed bags for preparation at ALS and SGS analytical laboratories, both ISO 9001:2008 and 17025 certified laboratories, except at Jacobina where sample preparation and primary analysis is completed on site. Gold is analyzed by gold fire assay with 30 grams or 50 grams aliquot and AAS finish. Samples over 5 g/t are re-analyzed by gravimetric finish methods. Silver is determined using a four acid digestion and AAS finish (ore level) and samples over 30g/t are re-analyzed by gravimetric finish methods. Five percent of all pulps are further checked by secondary certified laboratories (ALS, SGS, Bureau Veritas) using the same analytical methods. All exploration diamond drill cores are split in half by mechanical spitting or core sawing and sampled at appropriate intervals for assay, except for small diameter drilling (BQ) from underground setups at Jacobina where core is logged, photographed and whole core submitted for assay. The remaining core, coarse reject and pulps are stored on-site in a secure location. Quality assurance standards, duplicates, sterile and blanks are routinely inserted into the sample stream as a control for assay accuracy, bias, precision and contamination. The results of these checks are tracked and failures are re-analyzed. This information also includes pulp checks carried out in the secondary lab. About Yamana Yamana Gold Inc. is a Canadian-based precious metals producer with significant gold and silver production, development stage properties, exploration properties, and land positions throughout the Americas, including Canada, Brazil, Chile and Argentina. Yamana plans to continue to build on this base through expansion and optimization initiatives at existing operating mines, development of new mines, the advancement of its exploration properties and, at times, by targeting other consolidation opportunities with a primary focus in the Americas. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT: Investor Relations 416-815-0220 1-888-809-0925 Email: investor@yamana.com

Paycom Software, Inc. Announces Increased Stock Repurchase Plan OKLAHOMA CITY--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Paycom Software, Inc. ( Paycom ) (NYSE:PAYC), a leading provider of comprehensive, cloud-based human capital management software, today announced that its Board of Directors has amended its ongoing stock repurchase plan to add $100,000,000 of availability and extend the expiration date of the stock repurchase plan to February 12, 2020. Today s increase in our repurchase program further underscores our confidence in the strength of our business and our long-term growth prospects, said Paycom s founder and CEO, Chad Richison. We remain focused on organic growth, and our profitable business model allows us to invest as required to achieve this goal. At the same time, our strong financial position and ability to generate significant cash-flow afford us the opportunity to return value to our stockholders opportunistically through stock buybacks. Shares may be repurchased from time-to-time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws, including Rule 10b5-1 programs, and the repurchase plan may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased will be determined by a committee of the Board of Directors at its discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of Paycom s common stock, general market and economic conditions and other corporate considerations. About Paycom As a leader in payroll and HR technology, Oklahoma City-based Paycom redefines the human capital management industry by allowing companies to effectively navigate a rapidly changing business environment. Its cloud-based software solution is based on a core system of record maintained in a single database for all human capital management functions, providing the functionality that businesses need to manage the complete employment lifecycle, from recruitment to retirement. Paycom has the ability to serve businesses of all sizes and in every industry. As one of the leading human capital management providers, Paycom serves clients in all 50 states from offices across the country. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are any statements that look to future events and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding Paycom s business strategy; anticipated future operating results and operating expenses, cash flows, capital resources and liquidity; trends, opportunities and risks affecting Paycom s business, industry and financial results; and Paycom s plans to purchase shares of its common stock under the authorized stock repurchase plan. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof and are subject to business and economic risks. As such, Paycom s actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements as a result of the factors discussed in Paycom s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to those discussed in Paycom s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Paycom undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities laws.

McDermott Awarded Conceptual and Engineering Services Contract by Talos Energy for Zama Field Development Project in Mexico Scope demonstrates Company's strategic and integrated approach to conceptual solutions and pre Front End Engineering Design (pre FEED) for greenfield projects Project highlights continued and positive relationship with strategic partner Baker Hughes, a GE Company, and through our joint venture, io oil & gas consulting McDermott will deliver customer focused, efficient solutions for the first offshore Mexico field awarded to a private operator HOUSTON, Nov. 15, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- McDermott International, Inc. (NYSE: MDR) announced today a contract award for concept and engineering services for Talos Energy Inc. for the Zama field development project the first offshore Mexico block awarded to a private operator. The contract award is for engineering services, including concept selection and follow-on pre-FEED. McDermott will execute this contract award with io oil & gas consulting, a joint venture between McDermott and Baker Hughes, a GE company (BHGE). McDermott will manage all phases of the engineering services process and will workshare engineers and designers in Mexico City and will receive continuous support from io and input from the customer. Based on the final concept solution identified by io, McDermott will provide the follow-on pre-FEED services for the Zama development. Work on the concept selection has begun with expected completion in the third quarter 2019. "The Zama discovery is a significant and historic project for Mexico, and our customer, Talos Energy," said Richard Heo, Senior Vice President for North, Central and South America. "Early engagement during the conceptual and pre-FEED phases is a strategy that is proving beneficial to our customers. With high estimated oil production, designing an efficient concept solution, in combination with the integrated pre-FEED studies, allows us to help Talos maximize the value of this important greenfield project." The Zama field is located in Block 7 of the Sureste Basin offshore Mexico in the Gulf of Mexico and has a water depth of approximately 540 feet (165 meters). The field was discovered in July 2017, and Zama-1 was the first exploration well drilled offshore Mexico by a private sector operator. Talos estimates the field has 400-800 million recoverable barrels of oil equivalent (MBOE), with an estimated peak production of approximately 150 MBOE/day. Appraisal activities are planned for late 2018 with two additional wells and first oil is expected by 2022. The Zama field development project has shared participating interest among Talos Energy (35%), Sierra Oil and Gas (40%) and Premier Oil (25%). The contract award will be reflected in McDermott's fourth quarter 2018 backlog. About McDermott McDermott is a premier, fully integrated provider of technology, engineering and construction solutions to the energy industry. For more than a century, customers have trusted McDermott to design and build end-to-end infrastructure and technology solutions to transport and transform oil and gas into the products the world needs today. Our proprietary technologies, integrated expertise and comprehensive solutions deliver certainty, innovation and added value to energy projects around the world. Customers rely on McDermott to deliver certainty to the most complex projects, from concept to commissioning. It is called the "One McDermott Way." Operating in over 54 countries, McDermott's locally focused and globally-integrated resources include approximately 40,000 employees, a diversified fleet of specialty marine construction vessels and fabrication facilities around the world. To learn more, visit www.mcdermott.com. About io oil & gas consulting io oil & gas consulting is a strategic consultancy created to provide greater certainty and higher decision quality to operators and help bring more projects to sanction by disrupting traditional approaches. io is unique with its integrated strategic-techno-commercial capabilities ensuring a balanced approach between commercial, technical and strategic priorities capitalizing on multi-discipline capabilities in subsurface, drilling, subsea, marine, facilities, decommissioning/life extension and environmental alongside economic modelling. We are a joint venture between Baker Hughes, a GE company, and McDermott and are unique in having their know-how, expertise and data 'hard coded' into our DNA. For powerful thinking, visit www.iooilandgas.com. Forward-Looking Statements In accordance with the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, McDermott cautions that statements in this press release which are forward-looking, and provide other than historical information, involve risks, contingencies and uncertainties that may impact McDermott's actual results of operations. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about backlog, to the extent this may be viewed as an indicator of future revenues or profitability, and the expected scope, execution, value and timing of the project discussed in this press release. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in those forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that those expectations will prove to have been correct. Those statements are made by using various underlying assumptions and are subject to numerous risks, contingencies and uncertainties, including, among others: adverse changes in the markets in which we operate or credit markets, our inability to successfully execute on contracts in backlog, changes in project design or schedules, the availability of qualified personnel, changes in the terms, scope or timing of contracts, contract cancellations, change orders and other modifications and actions by our customers and other business counterparties, changes in industry norms and adverse outcomes in legal or other dispute resolution proceedings. If one or more of these risks materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. For a more complete discussion of these and other risk factors, please see McDermott's annual and quarterly filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. This press release reflects management's views as of the date hereof. Except to the extent required by applicable law, McDermott undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. Contacts: Investor Relations Scott LambVice President, Investor Relations+1 832 513 1068[email protected] Global Media RelationsGentry BrannGlobal Vice President, Communications+1 281 870 5269 [email protected] SOURCE McDermott International, Inc. Related Links http://www.mcdermott.com

Post Holdings Announces New Share Repurchase Authorization of $400 Million ST. LOUIS, Dec. 06, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Post Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:POST), a consumer packaged goods holding company, today announced its Board of Directors has approved a new $400 million share repurchase authorization, with share repurchases under the new authorization beginning on December 6, 2019. As of December 5, 2019, Post had repurchased approximately $252 million under its previous $400 million stock repurchase authorization, which was approved on September 4, 2019 and was cancelled effective December 5, 2019. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, in private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic purchase transactions, or otherwise. The shares would be repurchased with cash on hand and cash from operations. Any shares repurchased would be held as treasury stock. The authorization does not, however, obligate Post to acquire any particular amount of shares, and repurchases may be suspended or terminated at any time at Post s discretion. About Post Holdings, Inc. Post Holdings, Inc., headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, is a consumer packaged goods holding company operating in the center-of-the-store, refrigerated, foodservice, food ingredient and convenient nutrition food categories. Through its Post Consumer Brands business, Post is a leader in the North American ready-to-eat cereal category offering a broad portfolio including recognized brands such as Honey Bunches of Oats , Pebbles , Great Grains and Malt-O-Meal bag cereal. Post also is a leader in the United Kingdom ready-to-eat cereal category with the iconic Weetabix brand. As a leader in refrigerated foods, Post delivers innovative, value-added egg and refrigerated potato products to the foodservice channel and the retail refrigerated side dish category, offering side dishes and egg, sausage and cheese products through the Bob Evans , Simply Potatoes , Better n Eggs and Crystal Farms brands. Post s publicly-traded subsidiary BellRing Brands, Inc. is a holding company operating in the global convenient nutrition category through its primary brands of Premier Protein , Dymatize and PowerBar . Post participates in the private brand food category through its investment with Thomas H. Lee Partners in 8th Avenue Food & Provisions, Inc., a leading, private brand centric, consumer products holding company. For more information, visit www.postholdings.com. Contact: Investor Relations Jennifer Meyer jennifer.meyer@postholdings.com (314) 644-7665

Anchor BanCorp Receives Court Approval for "Pre-Packaged" Chapter 11 Reorganization As Previously Announced, AnchorBank, fsb Operations Continue as Usual MADISON, Wis., Aug. 30, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Anchor BanCorp Wisconsin Inc. ("Anchor BanCorp" or the "Holding Company") today announced that the Holding Company has received court approval of its recently announced plan of reorganization. U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge Robert Martin approved the plan at a hearing this morning. "This was an important step for AnchorBank to move forward with its recapitalization effort," said Chris Bauer, AnchorBank President & CEO. "We still have work to do, but we are pleased to have this milestone behind us." On August 13, Anchor BanCorp announced that the Holding Company had entered into definitive stock purchase agreements with a number of institutional and private investors as part of a $175 million recapitalization of the institution. At the same time, in order to facilitate the recapitalization, the Holding Company announced that it has filed a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Wisconsin to implement a "pre-packaged" plan of reorganization to restructure the Holding Company and recapitalize its wholly-owned subsidiary, AnchorBank, fsb ("AnchorBank" or the "Bank"). Consummation of the foregoing reorganization and recapitalization remains subject to certain conditions, including receipt of all required regulatory approvals and closing of the capital raise, plus satisfaction of the conditions contained in the subscription agreements for the new common equity. "It is important for our customers, employees and the community to remember that AnchorBank, which operates separately from the Holding Company, is not a part of the Chapter 11 process. The Chapter 11 filing includes only the Holding Company and does not affect AnchorBank, its people, or its services," said Chris Bauer, AnchorBank President & CEO. "It continues to be business as usual at the Bank, and we are thankful for the opportunity to continue serving our customers." The securities to be issued in the recapitalization transaction will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the securities laws of any state and may not be transferred, sold or otherwise disposed of except while a registration statement relating thereto is in effect under such Act and applicable state securities laws or pursuant to an exemption from registration under such Act or such laws. This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About Anchor BanCorp Wisconsin Inc. AnchorBank, fsb, the wholly owned subsidiary, has 55 offices. All are located in Wisconsin. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains certain forward-looking statements, as that term is defined in the U.S. federal securities laws. In the normal course of business, we, in an effort to help keep our shareholders and the public informed about our operations, may from time to time issue or make certain statements, either in writing or orally, that are or contain forward-looking statements. Generally, these statements relate to business plans or strategies, projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings, liquidity, capital levels, profitability or other aspects of operating results or other future developments in our affairs or the industry in which we conduct business. Although we believe that the anticipated results or other expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that those results or expectations will be attained. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we undertake no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events, except to the extent required by federal securities laws. Jennifer Ranville, 608-252-8862

Arbutus LNP Licensee Alnylam Announces FDA Approval of ONPATTRO (patisiran), for the Treatment of ATTR Amyloidosis ONPATTRO Approval Triggers Royalty to Arbutus Clinically Validated LNP Technology Now in the Hands of Genevant to Develop RNA-based Products WARMINSTER, Pa., Aug. 13, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (Nasdaq: ABUS), an industry-leading Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) therapeutic solutions company, today announced that the Company's lipid nanoparticle (LNP) licensee, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:ALNY), announced that their new drug application (NDA) for ONPATTRO, an RNAi therapeutic, has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of hereditary ATTR amyloidosis with polyneuropathy. ONPATTRO is the first RNA interference therapeutic product to be approved by the FDA and represents a milestone for the technology as well as a revolutionary new treatment with the potential to transform the care of patients with hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis. Because ONPATTRO is enabled by our proprietary LNP technology, this approval triggers a royalty to Arbutus and provides us with important non-dilutive revenue to support our HBV cure mission, through several important clinical milestones next year, said Dr. Mark Murray, Arbutus President and CEO. Dr. Murray added, This approval also represents unprecedented clinical validation of our LNP technology which we have improved upon significantly since licensing it to Alnylam, and have recently granted broad rights to Genevant, a company we formed in the second quarter of 2018 that is jointly owned by Arbutus and Roivant Sciences. Genevant aims to advance multiple product candidates into the clinic across RNAi, mRNA, and gene editing modalities using the Arbutus LNP and ligand conjugate delivery platforms. About Arbutus Arbutus Biopharma Corporation is a publicly traded (Nasdaq: ABUS) biopharmaceutical company dedicated to discovering, developing and commercializing a cure for patients suffering from chronic Hepatitis B infection. Arbutus is developing multiple drug candidates, each of which have the potential to improve upon the standard of care and contribute to a curative combination regimen. For more information, visit www.arbutusbio.com. Forward-Looking Statements and Information This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and forward looking information within the meaning of Canadian securities laws (collectively, forward-looking statements ). Forward-looking statements in this press release include statements about the potential for ONPATTRO (patisiran) to transform the care of patients with genetic and other diseases; receiving a royalty from Alnylam; Genevant advancing multiple product candidates into the clinic across RNAi, mRNA, and gene editing modalities using the Arbutus LNP and ligand conjugate platforms; and discovering, developing and commercializing a cure for patients suffering from chronic HBV infection. With respect to the forward-looking statements contained in this press release, Arbutus has made numerous assumptions regarding, among other things: the timely receipt of expected payments; the effectiveness and timeliness of preclinical and clinical trials, and the usefulness of the data; the continued demand for Arbutus assets; the timing of regulatory approvals; the continued availability of key management personnel; and the stability of economic and market conditions. While Arbutus considers these assumptions to be reasonable, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, market and social uncertainties and contingencies. Additionally, there are known and unknown risk factors which could cause Arbutus' actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained herein. Known risk factors include, among others: anticipated pre-clinical and clinical trials may be more costly or take longer to complete than anticipated, and may never be initiated or completed, or may not generate results that warrant future development of the tested drug candidate; Arbutus and Genevant may not receive the necessary regulatory approvals for the clinical development of their products on a timely basis, if at all; expected payments, financings, and royalties may not be as large or as timely as expected, if at all; key management personnel may become unavailable; economic and market conditions may worsen; and market shifts may require a change in strategic focus. A more complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties facing Arbutus appears in Arbutus' Annual Report on Form 10-K and Arbutus' continuous disclosure filings, which are available at www.sedar.com and at www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements herein are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and Arbutus disclaims any obligation to revise or update any such forward-looking statements or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future results, events or developments, except as required by law. Contact Information Investors Mark J. Murray President and CEO Phone: 604-419-3200 Email: ir@arbutusbio.com Pam Murphy Investor Relations Consultant Phone: 604-419-3200 Email: ir@arbutusbio.com

KBR Awarded Advanced Automation Systems Contracts for HURL Ammonia Plant in India HOUSTON, Nov. 25, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- KBR (NYSE: KBR) announced today that it has been awarded two contracts by Toyo Engineering Corporation for the supply of an Operator Training Simulator (OTS) and an Advanced Process Control (APC) system for the new single-stream 2200 MTPD ammonia plant being built for Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited (HURL) in Gorakhpur, in the State of Uttar Pradesh, India. Under the terms of the contract, KBR will provide turnkey OTS and APC systems and associated services for the HURL-G project. The deliverables include provision of all hardware, software, associated engineering services, upgrades and multi-year maintenance and support. The work is expected to be performed over three years by KBR's Advanced Automations teams in Houston, USA and Pune, India. "This latest ammonia OTS and APC award is a validation of KBR's expertise in providing innovative advanced automation and digital solutions to our clients," said Doug Kelly, President, KBR Technology Solutions. "These solutions form the vital link between our industry-leading process designs and the potential offered by digitalization for best-in-class operations and performance." Since developing the world's first general-purpose process flowsheet simulator in the early 1960s, KBR has remained at the forefront of simulation and advanced process control for almost 60 years. The models developed over the years continue to maximize the profitability of ammonia plants globally. About KBR, Inc. KBR is a global provider of differentiated professional services and technologies across the asset and program lifecycle within the Government Solutions and Energy sectors. KBR employs approximately 38,000 people worldwide (including our joint ventures), with customers in more than 80 countries, and operations in 40 countries, across three synergistic global businesses: Government Solutions, serving government customers globally, including capabilities that cover the full lifecycle of defense, space, aviation and other government programs and missions from research and development, through systems engineering, test and evaluation, program management, to operations, maintenance, and field logistics Technology Solutions, featuring proprietary technology, equipment, catalysts, digital solutions and related technical services for the monetization of hydrocarbons, including refining, petrochemicals, ammonia and specialty chemicals, as well as inorganics Energy Solutions, including onshore oil and gas; LNG (liquefaction and regasification)/GTL; oil refining; petrochemicals; chemicals; fertilizers; differentiated EPC; maintenance services (Brown & Root Industrial Services); offshore oil and gas (shallow-water, deep-water, subsea); floating solutions (FPU, FPSO, FLNG & FSRU); program management and consulting services KBR is proud to work with its customers across the globe to provide technology, value-added services, integrated EPC delivery and long term operations and maintenance services to ensure consistent delivery with predictable results. At KBR, We Deliver. Visit www.kbr.com Forward Looking Statement The statements in this press release that are not historical statements, including statements regarding future financial performance, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company's control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the outcome of and the publicity surrounding audits and investigations by domestic and foreign government agencies and legislative bodies; potential adverse proceedings by such agencies and potential adverse results and consequences from such proceedings; the scope and enforceability of the company's indemnities from its former parent; changes in capital spending by the company's customers; the company's ability to obtain contracts from existing and new customers and perform under those contracts; structural changes in the industries in which the company operates; escalating costs associated with and the performance of fixed-fee projects and the company's ability to control its cost under its contracts; claims negotiations and contract disputes with the company's customers; changes in the demand for or price of oil and/or natural gas; protection of intellectual property rights; compliance with environmental laws; changes in government regulations and regulatory requirements; compliance with laws related to income taxes; unsettled political conditions, war and the effects of terrorism; foreign operations and foreign exchange rates and controls; the development and installation of financial systems; increased competition for employees; the ability to successfully complete and integrate acquisitions; and operations of joint ventures, including joint ventures that are not controlled by the company. KBR's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K, any subsequent Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks, and other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings discuss some of the important risk factors that KBR has identified that may affect the business, results of operations and financial condition. Except as required by law, KBR undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. SOURCE KBR, Inc. Related Links http://www.kbr.com

General Motors Fortifies Balance Sheet in Response to COVID-19 DETROIT, March 24, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- General Motors (NYSE: GM) announced today that it intends to drawdown approximately $16.0 billion from its revolving credit facilities. This is a proactive measure to increase GM's cash position and preserve financial flexibility in light of current uncertainty in global markets resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The funds will supplement the company's strong cash position of approximately $15 billion to $16 billion expected at the end of March. "We are aggressively pursuing austerity measures to preserve cash and are taking necessary steps in this changing and uncertain environment to manage our liquidity, ensure the ongoing viability of our operations and protect our customers and stakeholders," said Mary Barra, GM chairman and CEO. "Over the past several years, we have made necessary, strategic decisions and structural changes that have transformed the company and strengthened the business, better positioning us for downturns." In addition, GM Financial (GMF) has strong liquidity and capitalization. GMF had $24 billion of liquidity at the end of 2019 and expects to end the first quarter with similar levels of liquidity. Its liquidity level is targeted to support at least six months of cash needs, including new originations, without access to capital markets. GMF is managing below its target leverage ratios. Additional details can be found here. "GM Financial has prepared for times like this by maintaining a strong financial position and ready access to cash. We are confident that we will be able to navigate the challenges created by this environment without capital from GM," said Dan Berce, GM Financial president and CEO. GM is also suspending its 2020 guidance due to uncertainty around the business impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains forward-looking statements that represent our current judgment about possible future events. In making these statements we rely on assumptions and analysis based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the circumstances. We believe these judgments are reasonable, but these statements are not guarantees of any events or financial results, and our actual results may differ materially due to a variety of important factors, both positive and negative. A list and description of these factors can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors that affect the subject of these statements, except where we are expressly required to do so by law. General Motors (NYSE: GM) is a global company committed to delivering safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. General Motors, its subsidiaries and its joint venture entities sell vehicles under the Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac, Holden, Baojun and Wuling brands. More information on the company and its subsidiaries, including OnStar, a global leader in vehicle safety and security services, and Maven, its personal mobility brand, can be found at http://www.gm.com. SOURCE General Motors Co. Related Links http://www.gm.com

InterDigital Partner EpiSci Awarded U.S. Army LTE Contract Phase I of Army SBIR project will see the design of a scalable, high fidelity LTE emulation system for tactical communications and mission command and control applications WILMINGTON, Del., Aug. 29, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- InterDigital (NASDAQ:IDCC), a mobile technology research and development company, today announced that its partner EpiSys Science, Inc. (EpiSci) has been awarded a contract to develop an Emulated Long Term Evolution (LTE) Analysis Environment from the U.S. Army Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program. Under this award, EpiSci will design a high-fidelity LTE/5G protocol modelling module for the Extended Mobile Ad hoc Network Emulator (EMANE) platform capable of deploying a full LTE architecture on self-contained commodity personal computer hardware, with assistance from InterDigital s LTE expert team. EMANE is an open-source modeling and simulation tool providing a low cost capability to rapidly conduct research and experimentation for a wide range of wireless network systems. Focused on link and physical layer connectivity, the EMANE platform can be experimentally subjected to the same conditions that will occur in real-world mobile, wireless network systems. As part of this project, InterDigital will initially provide technical assistance to EpiSci on the development of the baseline LTE/5G Physical (PHY) and medium access control (MAC) models in EMANE, as well as on the selection and integration of open-source LTE/5G higher-layer protocol models. As the project progresses, InterDigital and EpiSci will significantly enhance the design of the LTE emulation system by developing and delivering the working emulation environment system with the following novel capabilities: LTE-capable EMANE PHY and MAC emulation operating within Virtual Machines (VMs) running on commodity PC equipment; Open Source LTE upper layer protocols instantiated within VMs and interfacing to EMANE emulation; and Scalability to multiple eNBs and hundreds of UEs. EpiSci conducts high-risk, high-payoff research and develops innovative systems solutions for the defense, intelligence, and commercial industries. For the last six years we have been developing breakthrough technology for the defense industry, and are delighted to be awarded this contract with the U.S. army, said Dr. Bo Ryu, President at EpiSci. With its experience in the development of wireless technology, we value InterDigital s expertise, guidance and knowledge in the design of this technology. We understand that bringing commercial wireless systems such as as 5G and LTE into a wide range of tactical communications is important for future needs. With our experience in developing operational LTE networks, we will support our partner EpiSci in the design of a LTE emulation system for the U.S. Army, added William Lawton, Director Engineering at InterDigital. About InterDigital InterDigital develops mobile technologies that are at the core of devices, networks, and services worldwide. We solve many of the industry's most critical and complex technical challenges, inventing solutions for more efficient broadband networks and a richer multimedia experience years ahead of market deployment. InterDigital has licenses and strategic relationships with many of the world's leading wireless companies. Founded in 1972, InterDigital is listed on NASDAQ and is included in the S&P MidCap 400 index. InterDigital is a registered trademark of InterDigital, Inc. For more information, visit: www.interdigital.com.

Globus Medical Announces $200 Million Share Repurchase Program AUDUBON, Pa., March 11, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Globus Medical, Inc. (NYSE:GMED), a leading musculoskeletal solutions company, today announced the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of $200 million of the Company s common stock. We believe the recent stock market volatility has created a significant divergence between the intrinsic value of Globus Medical and its value in the market, said David Paul, Executive Chairman. Given our growth and profitability profile, we believe the Company s shares will reflect our above market performance over the long term. Our strong cash position enables us to purchase a significant number of shares without limiting our ability to continue to invest in strategic growth opportunities. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will be determined by management at its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including market price of the shares, general business and market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and alternative investment opportunities. The repurchase program will be executed consistent with the company s capital allocation strategy of prioritizing investment to grow the business over the long term. Repurchases may be made through privately negotiated transactions or open market transactions, including pursuant to a trading plan in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 and/or Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The repurchase program has no time limit and may be suspended for periods or discontinued at any time. The Company intends to utilize its cash reserves to fund the share repurchase program. About Globus Medical, Inc. Based in Audubon, Pennsylvania, Globus Medical, Inc. was founded in 2003 by an experienced team of professionals with a shared vision to create products that enable surgeons to promote healing in patients with musculoskeletal disorders. Additional information can be accessed at www.globusmedical.com . Safe Harbor Statements All statements included in this press release other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements and may be identified by their use of words such as believe, may, might, could, will, aim, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, plan and other similar terms. These forward-looking statements are based on our current assumptions, expectations and estimates of future events and trends. Forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to many risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our businesses and operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, factors affecting our quarterly results, our ability to manage our growth, our ability to sustain our profitability, demand for our products, our ability to compete successfully (including without limitation our ability to convince surgeons to use our products and our ability to attract and retain sales and other personnel), our ability to rapidly develop and introduce new products, our ability to develop and execute on successful business strategies, our ability to successfully integrate the international operations acquired from Alphatec, both in general and on our anticipated timeline, our ability to transition Alphatec s international customers to Globus products, our ability to realize the expected benefits to our results from the Alphatec acquisition, our ability to comply with laws and regulations that are or may become applicable to our businesses, our ability to safeguard our intellectual property, our success in defending legal proceedings brought against us, trends in the medical device industry, general economic conditions, and other risks. For a discussion of these and other risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our results, you should refer to the disclosure contained in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the sections labeled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements, and in our Forms 10-Q, Forms 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These documents are available at www.sec.gov . Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risk factors and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, events or circumstances or other factors arising or coming to our attention after the date hereof.

McDermott Awarded Two Polypropylene Technology Contracts in India Technology awards for two of Indian Oil Corporation Ltd.'s refineries in India Refineries will increase petrochemical products to meet India's increasing demand for plastics Awards include technology and proprietary catalyst HOUSTON, Dec. 18, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- McDermott International, Inc. (NYSE: MDR) today announced that it has been awarded two sizeable* technology contracts by Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. (IOCL) for the license and basic engineering design of a 200 KTA polypropylene plant in Barauni, India, as well as a 420 KTA polypropylene plant in Gujarat, India. Indian Oil Corporation is the leading refiner and a major petrochemical player in India. Both plants will use Lummus' proprietary NOVOLEN process reactors and proprietary NHP catalyst to produce a wide range of leading polypropylene products for the Indian and regional markets. "Lummus' Novolen Technology offers the most competitive technology for the manufacturing of polypropylene, and continues to provide innovations in process and products," said Daniel M. McCarthy, Executive Vice President of McDermott's Lummus Technology business. "By licensing this technology to enhance the profitability of both the Barauni Refinery and the Gujarat Refinery, IOCL will be able to produce a variety of polypropylene products to meet India's increasing demand for plastics." McDermott's Lummus Technology is a leading licensor of proprietary petrochemicals, refining, gasification and gas processing technologies, and a supplier of proprietary catalysts and related engineering. With a heritage spanning more than 100 years, encompassing approximately 3,100 patents and patent applications, Lummus Technology provides one of the industry's most diversified technology portfolios to the hydrocarbon processing sector. These awards were reflected in McDermott's third quarter 2018 backlog. * McDermott defines a sizeable contract as between USD $1 million and USD $50 million. About McDermott McDermott is a premier, fully integrated provider of technology, engineering and construction solutions to the energy industry. For more than a century, customers have trusted McDermott to design and build end-to-end infrastructure and technology solutions to transport and transform oil and gas into the products the world needs today. Our proprietary technologies, integrated expertise and comprehensive solutions deliver certainty, innovation and added value to energy projects around the world. Customers rely on McDermott to deliver certainty to the most complex projects, from concept to commissioning. It is called the "One McDermott Way." Operating in over 54 countries, McDermott's locally focused and globally-integrated resources include approximately 40,000 employees, a diversified fleet of specialty marine construction vessels and fabrication facilities around the world. As used in this press release, McDermott includes McDermott International, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. To learn more, visit www.mcdermott.com. Forward-Looking Statements In accordance with the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, McDermott cautions that statements in this press release which are forward-looking, and provide other than historical information, involve risks, contingencies and uncertainties that may impact McDermott's actual results of operations. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about backlog, to the extent backlog may be viewed as an indicator of future revenues or profitability, and the expected scope and value of the technology contract discussed in this press release. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in those forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that those expectations will prove to have been correct. Those statements are made by using various underlying assumptions and are subject to numerous risks, contingencies and uncertainties, including, among others: adverse changes in the markets in which we operate or credit markets, our inability to successfully execute on contracts in backlog, changes in project design or schedules, the availability of qualified personnel, changes in the terms, scope or timing of contracts, contract cancellations, change orders and other modifications and actions by our customers and other business counterparties, changes in industry norms and adverse outcomes in legal or other dispute resolution proceedings. If one or more of these risks materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. For a more complete discussion of these and other risk factors, please see McDermott's annual and quarterly filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. This press release reflects management's views as of the date hereof. Except to the extent required by applicable law, McDermott undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. Contacts: Investor RelationsScott LambVice President, Investor Relations+1 832-513-1068 [email protected] Global Media RelationsGentry BrannGlobal Vice President, Communications+1 281-870-5269 [email protected] SOURCE McDermott International, Inc. Related Links https://www.mcdermott.com

Intuitive Surgical Receives FDA Clearance for First 60mm Stapler A new breed of da Vinci stapling compatible with the da Vinci Xi and X surgical systems SUNNYVALE, Calif., July 05, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (Nasdaq:ISRG), the pioneer and a global technology leader in robotic-assisted, minimally invasive surgery, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration granted clearance for the company s fully wristed, 60mm stapler. SureForm 60 , a single-patient use 60mm stapler, offers 120 degrees of fully wristed articulation an industry first. Surgeons control SureForm 60 through the da Vinci surgeon console, creating an immediate connection between clinical decision-making and instrument action. Combining da Vinci s tremor filtration with SureForm 60 s tip stability and 120 degrees of articulation in all directions may help provide surgeons with precise stapler manipulation and placement. SureForm 60 uses SmartFire technology integrated software that optimizes stapler and staple line performance. SmartFire measures tissue compression before and during staple firing, making automatic adjustments to the firing process as staples are formed and the transection is made. SmartFire makes more than 1,000 measurements per second, helping to ensure a more consistent staple line, while helping prevent tissue damage, across a range of tissue thicknesses. Intuitive continues our minimally invasive innovation with our 60mm stapler, rooted in extensive research and development and an understanding of surgeons needs, said Sal Brogna, Intuitive executive vice president and chief operating officer. SureForm 60 has general, thoracic, gynecologic, urologic, and pediatric indications. It is compatible with the da Vinci Xi and X surgical systems. The SureForm 60 extends the da Vinci stapling portfolio to cover all required staple line lengths. It expands and evolves Intuitive s da Vinci stapling portfolio, which includes 30 and 45mm stapler instruments. About Intuitive Surgical, Inc. Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (Nasdaq:ISRG), headquartered in Sunnyvale, Calif., is the pioneer and a global technology leader in robotic-assisted, minimally invasive surgery. Intuitive develops, manufactures and markets the da Vinci surgical system. The company strives to make surgery more effective, less invasive and easier on surgeons, patients and their families. About the da Vinci Surgical System There are several models of the da Vinci surgical system. The da Vinci surgical systems are designed to help surgeons perform minimally invasive surgery. Da Vinci systems offer surgeons high-definition 3D vision, a magnified view, and robotic and computer assistance. They use specialized instrumentation, including a miniaturized surgical camera and wristed instruments (i.e., scissors, scalpels and forceps) that are designed to help with precise dissection and reconstruction deep inside the body. 2018 Intuitive Surgical, Inc. All rights reserved. Intuitive Surgical , da Vinci , da Vinci S , da Vinci Si , da Vinci Xi , da Vinci X , OnSite and EndoWrist are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. For more information, please visit the company's web site at www.intuitivesurgical.com. Important Safety Information For Important Safety Information, indications for use, risks, full cautions and warnings, please refer to http://www.davincisurgery.com/safety and www.intuitivesurgical.com/safety. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the flexible robotics platform as a safe and feasible approach to sample lung tissue, the ability of platform application in the lungs to enable early lung cancer diagnoses, the strong safety profile of the platform, and enabling physicians to start care plans for patients earlier and offer curative treatments. These forward-looking statements are necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of our management and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various important factors, including, but not limited to, the following: the impact of global and regional economic and credit market conditions on healthcare spending; healthcare reform legislation in the United States and its impact on hospital spending, reimbursement and fees levied on certain medical device revenues; changes in hospital admissions and actions by payers to limit or manage surgical procedures; the timing and success of product development and market acceptance of developed products; the results of any collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships; procedure counts; regulatory approvals, clearances and restrictions or any dispute that may occur with any regulatory body; guidelines and recommendations in the healthcare and patient communities; intellectual property positions and litigation; competition in the medical device industry and in the specific markets of surgery in which we operate; unanticipated manufacturing disruptions or the inability to meet demand for products; the results of legal proceedings to which we are or may become a party; product liability and other litigation claims; adverse publicity regarding the Company and the safety of our products and adequacy of training; our ability to expand into foreign markets; and other risk factors under the heading Risk Factors in our report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as updated by our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Statements using words such as estimates, projects, believes, anticipates, plans, expects, intends, may, will, could, should, would, targeted and similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Contact Global Public Affairs Intuitive Surgical Email: corp.comm@intusurg.com U.S. Tel: +1 408.523.7337

Ross Stores Reports Second Quarter Earnings, Provides Second Half 2018 Guidance and Increases Long-Term Store Growth Potential DUBLIN, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ross Stores, Inc. (Nasdaq: ROST) today reported earnings per share for the second quarter ended August 4, 2018 of $1.04, up from $.82 last year. Net earnings grew to $389 million, compared to $317 million in the prior year. Sales rose 9% to $3.7 billion, with comparable store sales up 5% over the 13 weeks ended August 5, 2017. This is on top of a 4% increase in same store sales for the 13 weeks ended July 29, 2017. For the six months ended August 4, 2018, earnings per share were $2.15, up from $1.64 last year. Net earnings were $808 million versus $638 million in the first half of 2017. Sales for the first six months of 2018 rose 9% to $7.3 billion, with comparable store sales up 4% over the 26 weeks ended August 5, 2017. This compares to a same store sales gain of 4% for the 26 weeks ended July 29, 2017. Both the second quarter and year-to-date earnings results include the benefit of tax reform legislation. Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer, commented, We are pleased with the above-plan growth we delivered in both sales and earnings in the second quarter. Though better than expected, operating margin of 13.8% was down from last year as higher merchandise margin and leverage on occupancy and buying costs were more than offset by a combination of unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses, higher freight costs, and this year s wage investments. Ms. Rentler continued, During the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2018, we repurchased 3.2 million and 6.5 million shares of common stock, respectively, for an aggregate price of $273 million in the quarter and $529 million year-to-date. As planned, we expect to buy back a total of $1.075 billion in common stock during fiscal 2018. Looking ahead to the second half, Ms. Rentler said, While we hope to do better, given our robust multi-year comparisons, we continue to forecast same store sales to grow 1% to 2% for both third and fourth quarters. If sales perform in line with this guidance, earnings per share for the third quarter ending November 3, 2018 are forecasted to be $.84 to $.88, up from $.72 a year ago. For the 13 weeks ending February 2, 2019, earnings per share are projected to be $1.02 to $1.07 versus $1.19 for the 14 weeks ended February 3, 2018. Last year s fourth quarter included a per share benefit of $.14 from a one-time revaluation of deferred taxes and $.10 from the 53rd week. Based on our first half results and second half guidance, earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending February 2, 2019 are now planned to be in the range of $4.01 to $4.10. Commenting on the Company s future expansion prospects, Ms. Rentler said, We are excited to announce that we have raised our long-term projected store potential to 3,000 locations, up from the previous target of 2,500. This is based on our research that indicates we can now further increase penetration in both existing and new markets. As a result, we believe that Ross Dress for Less can grow to about 2,400 locations across the country, up from our prior target of 2,000, and that dd s DISCOUNTS can ultimately become a chain of approximately 600 stores, versus our previous projection of 500. This higher store potential provides us with a considerable amount of long-term growth opportunities given our current store base of 1,453 Ross Dress for Less and 227 dd s DISCOUNTS. The Company will host a conference call on Thursday, August 23, 2018 at 4:15 p.m. Eastern time to provide additional details concerning its second quarter results and management s outlook for the remainder of the year. A real-time audio webcast of the conference call will be available in the Investors section of the Company s website, located at www.rossstores.com. An audio playback will be available at 404-537-3406, PIN #6066259 until 8:00 p.m. Eastern time on August 30, 2018, as well as on the Company s website. Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains forward-looking statements regarding expected sales, earnings levels, new store growth opportunity, and other financial results in future periods that are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause our actual results to differ materially from management s current expectations. The words plan, expect, target, anticipate, estimate, believe, forecast, projected, guidance, outlook, looking ahead and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Risk factors for Ross Dress for Less ( Ross ) and dd s DISCOUNTS include without limitation, competitive pressures in the apparel or home-related merchandise retailing industry; changes in the level of consumer spending on or preferences for apparel and home-related merchandise; market availability, quantity, and quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts and our buyers ability to purchase merchandise that enables us to offer customers a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices; impacts from the macro-economic environment, financial and credit markets, and geopolitical conditions that affect consumer confidence and consumer disposable income; our ability to continually attract, train, and retain associates to execute our off-price strategies; unseasonable weather that may affect shopping patterns and consumer demand for seasonal apparel and other merchandise, and may result in temporary store closures and disruptions in deliveries of merchandise to our stores; potential information or data security breaches, including cyber-attacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems, which could result in theft or unauthorized disclosure of customer, credit card, employee, or other private and valuable information that we handle in the ordinary course of our business; potential disruptions in our supply chain or information systems; issues involving the quality, safety, or authenticity of products we sell, which could harm our reputation, result in lost sales, and/or increase our costs; our ability to effectively manage our inventories, markdowns, and inventory shortage to achieve planned gross margin; changes in U.S. tax or tariff policy regarding apparel and home-related merchandise produced in other countries that could adversely affect our business; volatility in revenues and earnings; an adverse outcome in various legal, regulatory, or tax matters; a natural or man-made disaster in California or in another region where we have a concentration of stores, offices, or a distribution center; unexpected issues or costs from expanding in existing markets and entering new geographic markets; obtaining acceptable new store sites with favorable consumer demographics; damage to our corporate reputation or brands; effectively advertising and marketing our brands; issues from selling and importing merchandise produced in other countries; and maintaining sufficient liquidity to support our continuing operations, new store and distribution center growth plans, and stock repurchase and dividend programs. Other risk factors are set forth in our SEC filings including without limitation, the Form 10-K for fiscal 2017, and Form 10-Q and Form 8-Ks for fiscal 2018. The factors underlying our forecasts are dynamic and subject to change. As a result, our forecasts speak only as of the date they are given and do not necessarily reflect our outlook at any other point in time. We do not undertake to update or revise these forward-looking statements. Ross Stores, Inc. is an S&P 500, Fortune 500, and Nasdaq 100 (ROST) company headquartered in Dublin, California, with fiscal 2017 revenues of $14.1 billion. The Company operates Ross Dress for Less ( Ross ), the largest off-price apparel and home fashion chain in the United States with 1,453 locations in 38 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam as of August 4, 2018. Ross offers first-quality, in-season, name brand and designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 60% off department and specialty store regular prices every day. The Company also operates 227 dd s DISCOUNTS in 18 states as of August 4, 2018 that feature a more moderately-priced assortment of first-quality, in-season, name brand apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 70% off moderate department and discount store regular prices every day. Additional information is available at www.rossstores.com.

Citizens Financial Services, Inc. Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend MANSFIELD, Pa., June 15, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Citizens Financial Services, Inc. (OTCPink: CZFS), the bank holding company for First Citizens Community Bank, recently declared a cash dividend for its shareholders. The cash dividend of $0.455 per share, as well as a 1% stock dividend, are payable on June 26, 2020 to shareholders of record at the close of business on June 12, 2020. This quarterly cash dividend is an increase of 3.25% over the regular cash dividend of $0.441 per share declared one year ago, as adjusted for the 1% stock dividend declared in June 2019. "Our financial performance allows us to continue to pay a dividend during these uncertain times as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, while also completing the merger with MidCoast Community Bancorp, Inc. in the second quarter. During these times, our Board of Directors are committed to providing a solid return to our shareholders as we remain a strong, independent community bank," commented Randall E. Black, CEO and President. Citizens Financial Services, Inc. is a $1.75 billion bank holding company conducting business through First Citizens Community Bank. First Citizens Community Bank operates 30 offices in Pennsylvania, Delaware and New York. For further information regarding the common stock of Citizens Financial Services, Inc., please contact any of the following firms: Automated Trading Desk, 866-283-2831; Boenning & Scattergood, Inc., 800-842-8928; Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., 800-342-5529; Monroe Securities Inc., 800-766-5560; Pershing LLC, 201-413-2700; RBC Capital Markets Corp., 800-959-5951; Sandler O' Neill & Partners, 212-466-8020; Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., 973-549-4200; UBS Securities, LLC, 203-719-8710. Note: This press release may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results and trends could differ materially from those set forth in such statements due to various factors. These factors include operating, legal and regulatory risks; changing economic and competitive conditions and other risks and uncertainties. SOURCE Citizens Financial Services, Inc. Related Links http://www.firstcitizensbank.com

Stamps.com Announces Share Repurchase Plan EL SEGUNDO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Stamps.com (Nasdaq: STMP), the leading provider of postage online and shipping software, today announced that on March 8, 2019, the Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase plan that will take effect March 14, 2019 and authorizes the Company to repurchase up to $60 million of stock over the six months following its effective date. About Stamps.com, Endicia, ShipStation, ShipWorks, ShippingEasy and MetaPack Stamps.com (Nasdaq: STMP) is the leading provider of postage online and shipping software solutions to customers, including consumers, small businesses, e-commerce shippers, enterprises, and high volume shippers. Stamps.com offers solutions that help businesses run their shipping operations more smoothly and function more successfully under the brand names Stamps.com, Endicia, ShipStation, ShipWorks, ShippingEasy and MetaPack. Stamps.com s family of brands provides seamless access to mailing and shipping services through integrations with more than 500 unique partner applications. Endicia is a leading brand for high volume shipping technologies and services for U.S. Postal Service shipping. Under this brand we offer solutions that help businesses run their shipping operations more smoothly and function more successfully. Our Endicia branded solutions also provide seamless access to USPS shipping services through integrations with partner applications. ShipStation is a leading web-based shipping solution that helps e-commerce retailers import, organize, process, package, and ship their orders quickly and easily from any web browser. ShipStation features the most integrations of any e-commerce web-based solution with more than 300 shopping carts, marketplaces, package carriers, and fulfillment services. Integration partners include eBay, PayPal, Amazon, Etsy, Square, Shopify, BigCommerce, Volusion, Magento, Squarespace, and carriers such as USPS, UPS, FedEx and DHL. ShipStation has sophisticated automation features such as automated order importing, custom hierarchical rules, product profiles, and fulfillment solutions that enable its customers to complete their orders, wherever they sell, and however they ship. ShipWorks is a leading brand for client-based shipping solutions that help high volume shippers import, organize, process, fulfill, and ship their orders quickly and easily from any standard PC. With integrations to more than 100 shopping carts, marketplaces, package carriers, and fulfillment services, ShipWorks has the most integrations of any high-volume client shipping solution. Package carriers include USPS, UPS, FedEx, DHL, OnTrac and many more. Marketplace and shopping cart integrations include eBay, PayPal, Amazon, Etsy, Shopify, BigCommerce, Volusion, ChannelAdvisor, Magento, and many more. ShipWorks has sophisticated automation features such as a custom rules engine, automated order importing, automatic product profile detection, and fulfillment automation, which enable high volume shippers to complete their orders quickly and efficiently. ShippingEasy is a leading web-based shipping software solution that allows online retailers and e-commerce merchants to organize, process, fulfill and ship their orders quickly and easily. ShippingEasy integrates with leading marketplaces, shopping carts, and e-commerce platforms to allow order fulfillment and tracking data to populate in real time across all systems. The ShippingEasy software downloads orders from selling channels and automatically maps custom shipping preferences, rates and delivery options across all supported carriers. MetaPack helps e-commerce and delivery professionals to meet with the consumer s growing expectations of delivery, while maintaining and optimizing operational efficiency. MetaPack s SaaS solution offers a wide range of personalized delivery services, from global order tracking to simplified return procedures, through a catalog of more than 450 carriers and 5,000 services available that span every country in the world. Share Repurchase Timing The timing of share repurchases, if any, and the number of shares to be bought at any one time will depend on factors including market conditions and the Company s compliance with the covenants in its Credit Agreement. Share repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market or in negotiated transactions at the Company s discretion in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company s purchase of any of its shares may be subject to limitations imposed on such purchases by applicable securities laws and regulations and the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. "Safe Harbor" Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts, and may relate to future events or the company s anticipated results, business strategies or capital requirements, among other things, all of which involve risks and uncertainties. You can identify many (but not all) such forward-looking statements by looking for words such as assumes, approximates, believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, projects, seeks, intends, plans, could, would, may or other similar expressions. Important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, include those detailed in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission made from time to time by Stamps.com, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Matters described in forward-looking statements may also be affected by other known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties and factors, many of which are beyond the company s ability to control or predict. Stamps.com undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Trademarks Stamps.com, the Stamps.com logo, Endicia, ShipStation, ShipWorks and ShippingEasy are registered trademarks of Stamps.com Inc. and its subsidiaries, and MetaPack is a trade mark of MetaPack registered in the UK Intellectual Property Office. All other brands and names used in this release are the property of their respective owners.

NSM Insurance Group Acquires Xpekt Ltd. CONSHOHOCKEN, Pa., Oct. 22, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- NSM MGA Holdings Ltd has announced today that it has reached an agreement to acquire Xpekt Ltd, the motor insurance-focused Managing General Agent. This agreement represents an important step in NSM's ambitions to build a niche motor underwriting business in the UK, serving a select panel of specialist and community brokers, differentiated by superior service and supported by A-rated underwriting capacity. Geof McKernan, NSM's CEO commented, "We have identified that there is demand in the UK market for a service-led underwriting business focused on niche and specialist motor segments. Xpekt have established a solid reputation in the market, and this acquisition is a key step in our journey. "We are also delighted to announce that Mark Bacon will be joining NSM in the role of Managing Director. Mark will assume this role with effect from 22nd October, subject to regulatory approval. Mark Bacon has previously held roles with ERS as Active Underwriter and Zurich as Global Head of Corporate Motor. "Colin Hart will move to the role of Head of Underwriting for the Xpekt brand and will support Mark in bringing our strategy to life." About NSM Insurance Group For more than 27 years, NSM Insurance Group has been an industry leader in the development, implementation, marketing and underwriting of industry-specific insurance programs. The company's insurance programs include social services and behavioral health; CAT driven property; collector cars; workers' compensation; staffing; sports and fitness; breweries and wineries; professional liability for architects and engineers; and pet insurance. NSM Insurance Group is a subsidiary of White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. (NYSE: WTM) and is aggressively seeking to acquire additional program managers and niche specific insurance businesses. For more information, contact Bill McKernan at 610-808-9561. SOURCE NSM Insurance Group Related Links http://www.nsminc.com

Ocugen Granted 180-Day Extension by Nasdaq to Regain Compliance with Bid Price Rule MALVERN, Pa., Sept. 08, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Ocugen, Inc. ( Ocugen or the Company ) (NASDAQ: OCGN), a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing, and commercializing transformative therapies to cure blindness diseases, today announced that the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualification Department of The NASDAQ Capital Market ( Nasdaq ) notifying that Ocugen has been granted an additional 180-day compliance period or until March 8, 2021, to regain compliance with the minimum $1.00 bid price per share requirement of Nasdaq s Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Rule ). If at any time until March 8, 2021, the bid price of the Company's common stock closes at $1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, the Company will regain compliance with the Rule, and the matter will be closed. The letter indicated that the Company did not regain compliance during the initial 180-day grace period provided under the rule. In accordance with NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), Nasdaq staff determined that the Company was eligible for an additional 180-day period to regain compliance based on the Company meeting the continued listing requirement for the market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market with the exception of the bid price requirement, and the Company having provided written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, including by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If the Company does not meet the minimum bid requirement during the additional 180-day grace period, Nasdaq will provide written notification to the Company that its shares will be subject to delisting. At such time, the Company may appeal the delisting determination to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. The Company would remain listed pending the Panel's decision. There can be no assurance that if the Company does appeal a subsequent delisting determination, that such appeal would be successful. This current notification from Nasdaq has no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company's shares, which will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol OCGN . About Ocugen, Inc. Ocugen, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing, and commercializing transformative therapies to cure blindness diseases. Our breakthrough modifier gene therapy platform has the potential to treat multiple retinal diseases with one drug one to many and our novel biologic product candidate aims to offer better therapy to patients with underserved diseases such as wet age-related macular degeneration, diabetic macular edema, and diabetic retinopathy. For more information, please visit www.ocugen.com. Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. We may, in some cases, use terms such as predicts, believes, potential, proposed, continue, estimates, anticipates, expects, plans, intends, may, could, might, will, should or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to numerous important factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from our current expectations. These and other risks and uncertainties are more fully described in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including the risk factors described in the section entitled Risk Factors in the quarterly and annual reports that we file with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this press release whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this press release. Corporate Contact: Ocugen, Inc. Sanjay Subramanian Chief Financial Officer ir@ocugen.com Media Contact: LaVoieHealthScience Emmie Twombly etwombly@lavoiehealthscience.com +1 857-389-6042

John Hancock Tax-Advantaged Global Shareholder Yield Fund Announces Share Repurchase Plan BOSTON, Dec. 13, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- John Hancock Tax-Advantaged Global Shareholder Yield Fund (NYSE: HTY) announced today that its Board of Trustees has approved a share repurchase plan. The Board of Trustees, in consideration of evolving market conditions, approved the share repurchase plan as part of its ongoing evaluation of options to enhance shareholder value and potentially decrease the discount between the market price and the net asset value per share ("NAV") of the Funds' common shares. Under the share repurchase plan, the Fund may purchase, in the open market, between January 1, 2019 and December 31, 2019, up to 10% of its outstanding common shares (based on common shares outstanding as of December 31, 2018). The Board of Trustees will review the plan periodically and may authorize adjustment of its terms and size. The share repurchase plan allows the repurchase of common shares in the open market at a discount to NAV. The plan could allow the Fund to realize incremental accretion to its NAV to the benefit of existing shareholders. The plan could also have the benefit of providing additional liquidity in the trading of common shares. There is no assurance that the Fund will purchase shares at any specific discount levels or in any specific amounts. The Fund's repurchase activities will be disclosed in its shareholder report for the relevant fiscal period. There is no assurance that the market price of the Funds' shares, either on an absolute or relative basis to NAV, will increase as a result of any share repurchases, or that the share repurchase plans will enhance shareholder value over the long-term. Statements in this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined by the United States securities laws. You should exercise caution in interpreting and relying on forward-looking statements because they are subject to uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond the Fund's control and could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. An investor should consider the Fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. About John Hancock Investments John Hancock has helped individuals and institutions build and protect wealth since 1862. Today, we're one of the strongest and most-recognized financial brands. We serve investors globally through a unique multimanager approach: We search the world to find proven portfolio teams with specialized expertise for every strategy we offer, then we apply robust investment oversight to ensure they continue to meet our uncompromising standards and serve the best interests of our shareholders. Our approach to asset management has led to a diverse set of investments deeply rooted in investor needs, along with strong risk-adjusted returns across asset classes. About John Hancock Financial and Manulife Financial John Hancock is a division of Manulife Financial Corporation, a leading international financial services group that helps people achieve their dreams and aspirations by putting customers' needs first and providing the right advice and solutions. We operate primarily as John Hancock in the United States and as Manulife elsewhere. We provide financial advice, insurance, and wealth and asset management solutions for individuals, groups, and institutions. Assets under management and administration by Manulife and its subsidiaries were over CAD$1.1 trillion (US$849 billion) as of June 30, 2018. Manulife Financial Corporation trades as MFC on the TSX, NYSE, and PSE, and under 945 on the SEHK. Manulife can be found at manulife.com. One of the largest life insurers in the United States, John Hancock supports approximately 10 million Americans with a broad range of financial products, including life insurance, annuities, investments, 401(k) plans, and education savings plans. Additional information about John Hancock may be found at johnhancock.com. SOURCE John Hancock Investments Related Links http://johnhancock.com

NV5 Awarded $3 Million in Geospatial Contracts to Support Water Conservation HOLLYWOOD, Fla., May 28, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NV5 Global, Inc. (the Company or NV5 ) (Nasdaq: NVEE), a provider of professional and technical engineering, geospatial, and consulting solutions, announced today that Quantum Spatial, Inc. ( Quantum Spatial ), an NV5 company, has been awarded two contracts totaling $3 million by NASA and the California Department of Water Resources (DWR) to provide remote sensing services in support of water conservation efforts in the Western United States. Quantum Spatial was selected to evaluate high-accuracy lidar and hyperspectral imaging in Colorado and Idaho for the NASA SnowEx 2020 campaign, which is analyzing technologies for measuring snowpack and corresponding snow water equivalency (SWE) in a variety of ecosystems. The SnowEx 2020 campaign is a research effort funded by the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in partnership with Boise State University. Quantum Spatial was also awarded a contract expansion by the California DWR to provide additional remote sensing and analytics services to support the conservation of water resources across the state. Since 2017, Quantum Spatial has worked with the California DWR's Water Use and Efficiency Branch for statewide data collection that will help more than 400 water districts in the state assess water usage and ultimately assist future conservation efforts. We are pleased with the performance of Quantum Spatial as it continues to secure new contracts and deliver innovative approaches to extract the power of geospatial data for clients in the public and quasi-public sectors, said Dickerson Wright, PE, Chairman and CEO of NV5. Water management is an important global issue, particularly in the Western United States, and we are proud to contribute to water conservation and intelligent water use efforts. Quantum Spatial's pioneering work in deploying state-of-the-art remote sensing tools and leveraging advanced analytics to gain insight from the data collected makes us ideally suited for both the NASA SnowEx and DWR projects, said Mark Abatto, President and COO of NV5 Geospatial Solutions. About NV5 NV5 Global, Inc. (NASDAQ: NVEE) is a provider of professional and technical engineering, geospatial, and consulting solutions ranked #27 in the Engineering News-Record Top 500 Design Firms list. NV5 serves public and private sector clients in the infrastructure, energy, construction, real estate, and environmental markets. NV5 primarily focuses on five business verticals: construction quality assurance, infrastructure engineering and support services, utility services, program management, and environmental solutions, and delivers geospatial services through its subsidiary Quantum Spatial, Inc., the largest full-service geospatial solutions provider in North America. The Company operates out of more than 100 locations worldwide. For additional information, please visit the Company s website at www.NV5.com. Also visit the Company on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, and Vimeo. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company cautions that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements contained in this news release. Such factors include: (a) changes in demand from the local and state government and private clients that we serve; (b) general economic conditions, nationally and globally, and their effect on the market for our services; (c) competitive pressures and trends in our industry and our ability to successfully compete with our competitors; (d) changes in laws, regulations, or policies; and (e) the Risk Factors set forth in the Company s most recent SEC filings. All forward-looking statements are based on information available to the Company on the date hereof, and the Company assumes no obligation to update such statements, except as required by law.

NV5 Awarded $4.6 Million Geospatial Vegetation and Asset Management Contract Extension HOLLYWOOD, Fla., June 11, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NV5 Global, Inc. (the Company or NV5 ) (Nasdaq: NVEE), a provider of professional and technical engineering, geospatial, and consulting solutions, announced today that Quantum Spatial, Inc. ( Quantum Spatial ), an NV5 company, was awarded a $4.6 million contract extension by one of North America s largest power utilities to support its data-driven vegetation management program. Lidar surveys have already begun under the contract to identify the location and health of trees that could potentially strike high-voltage lines. Analysis of the lidar surveys and hyperspectral imagery will help to guide long-term vegetation and asset management work planning, including to mitigate fire risks and utility service interruptions. NV5 s geospatial and utility services businesses continue to drive growth through the support of fire mitigation and reliability initiatives for utilities across the country, said Dickerson Wright, PE, Chairman and CEO of NV5. We have seen an increase in the demand for our specialized geospatial data analytics, utility engineering design, and power compliance services, and we are proud to support our clients as they improve safety and service delivery for their customers. "Advancements in geospatial survey technology and analytics enable us to accurately and efficiently assess risks to high-voltage transmission systems, helping our clients to deliver reliable service and meet North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) requirements," said Eric Merten, Vice President and General Manager at Quantum Spatial. About NV5 NV5 Global, Inc. (NASDAQ: NVEE) is a provider of professional and technical engineering, geospatial, and consulting solutions ranked #27 in the Engineering News-Record Top 500 Design Firms list. NV5 serves public and private sector clients in the infrastructure, energy, construction, real estate, and environmental markets. NV5 primarily focuses on five business verticals: construction quality assurance, infrastructure engineering and support services, utility services, program management, and environmental solutions, and delivers geospatial services through its subsidiary Quantum Spatial, Inc., the largest full-service geospatial solutions provider in North America. The Company operates out of more than 100 locations worldwide. For additional information, please visit the Company s website at www.NV5.com . Also visit the Company on Twitter , LinkedIn , Facebook , and Vimeo . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company cautions that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements contained in this news release. Such factors include: (a) changes in demand from the local and state government and private clients that we serve; (b) general economic conditions, nationally and globally, and their effect on the market for our services; (c) competitive pressures and trends in our industry and our ability to successfully compete with our competitors; (d) changes in laws, regulations, or policies; and (e) the Risk Factors set forth in the Company s most recent SEC filings. All forward-looking statements are based on information available to the Company on the date hereof, and the Company assumes no obligation to update such statements, except as required by law.

KBR Awarded Technology Contract for Ash Re-Crystallization Plant in Brazil by Valmet HOUSTON, May 12, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- KBR (NYSE: KBR) has been awarded a technology contract by Valmet AB for the engineering and supply of an Ash Re-Crystallization plant for LD Cellulose S.A.'s 500,000 ton/year pulp mill project located in Minas Gerais, Brazil. Under this contract, KBR will provide the license, engineering design and proprietary equipment using its leading Ecoplanning crystallization technology for the new mill. The start-up of this mill is planned for 2022. "I am proud to announce this contract that further expands KBR's strategic partnership with Valmet," said Doug Kelly, KBR President, Technology Solutions. "KBR together with Valmet offers its proprietary Ecoplanning technology for ash-crystallization for the pulp and paper industry with a specific edge in recovery of useful chemicals and lowering operating costs." KBR has more than 70 years of experience in inorganics, including processes and technology solutions for crystallization, evaporation and the concentration and purification of strong inorganic acids. About KBR, Inc. KBR is a global provider of differentiated professional services and technologies across the asset and program lifecycle within the Government Solutions and Energy sectors. KBR employs approximately 37,000 people worldwide (including our joint ventures), with customers in more than 80 countries, and operations in 40 countries, across three synergistic global businesses: Government Solutions, serving government customers globally, including capabilities that cover the full lifecycle of defense, space, aviation and other government programs and missions from research and development, through systems engineering, test and evaluation, program management, to operations, maintenance, and field logistics Technology Solutions, featuring proprietary technology, equipment, catalysts, digital solutions and related technical services for the monetization of hydrocarbons, including refining, petrochemicals, ammonia and specialty chemicals, as well as inorganics Energy Solutions, including onshore oil and gas; LNG (liquefaction and regasification)/GTL; oil refining; petrochemicals; chemicals; fertilizers; differentiated EPC; maintenance services (Brown & Root Industrial Services); offshore oil and gas (shallow-water, deep-water, subsea); floating solutions (FPU, FPSO, FLNG & FSRU); program management and consulting services KBR is proud to work with its customers across the globe to provide technology, value-added services, integrated EPC delivery and long term operations and maintenance services to ensure consistent delivery with predictable results. At KBR, We Deliver. Visit www.kbr.com Forward Looking StatementThe statements in this press release that are not historical statements, including statements regarding future financial performance, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company's control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the outcome of and the publicity surrounding audits and investigations by domestic and foreign government agencies and legislative bodies; potential adverse proceedings by such agencies and potential adverse results and consequences from such proceedings; the scope and enforceability of the company's indemnities from its former parent; changes in capital spending by the company's customers; the company's ability to obtain contracts from existing and new customers and perform under those contracts; structural changes in the industries in which the company operates; escalating costs associated with and the performance of fixed-fee projects and the company's ability to control its cost under its contracts; claims negotiations and contract disputes with the company's customers; changes in the demand for or price of oil and/or natural gas; protection of intellectual property rights; compliance with environmental laws; changes in government regulations and regulatory requirements; compliance with laws related to income taxes; unsettled political conditions, war and the effects of terrorism; foreign operations and foreign exchange rates and controls; the development and installation of financial systems; increased competition for employees; the ability to successfully complete and integrate acquisitions; and operations of joint ventures, including joint ventures that are not controlled by the company. KBR's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K, any subsequent Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks, and other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings discuss some of the important risk factors that KBR has identified that may affect the business, results of operations and financial condition. Except as required by law, KBR undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. SOURCE KBR, Inc. Related Links https://www.kbr.com

Stellus Capital Investment Corporation Announces Transition of Dividend from Monthly to Quarterly and to Report Quarterly Results and Hold Conference Call HOUSTON, April 20, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (the "Company") (NYSE: SCM) announced today that it will change its dividend payment schedule from monthly to quarterly beginning with the quarter ended June 30, 2020 to better match the dividend with the timing of income received by the Company. Upon approval by the Board of Directors, the Company will announce the details of a dividend for the second quarter of 2020 at a later date. The Company previously paid an aggregate of $0.34 per share through a monthly dividend of $0.1133 per share for the first quarter of 2020. Moving to a quarterly dividend payment schedule will allow the Company more time to better understand the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic has on our portfolio companies' liquidity and operations. Our advisor, Stellus Capital Management, has been working remotely over the past five weeks with no disruption of normal operations and has remained, and will continue to remain, in close contact with all of our portfolio companies and their sponsors. The Company will release its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 on Monday, May 11, 2020. The Company will host a conference call to discuss these results on Tuesday, May 12, 2020 at 10:00 AM, CDT. The conference call will be led by Robert T. Ladd, chief executive officer, and W. Todd Huskinson, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer, treasurer, and secretary. For those wishing to participate by telephone, please dial (888) 394-8218 (domestic). Use passcode 6708983. Starting approximately twenty-four hours after the conclusion of the call, a replay will be available through Wednesday, May 20, 2020 by dialing (888) 203-1112 and entering passcode 6708983. The replay will also be available on the Company's website. About Stellus Capital Investment Corporation The Company is an externally-managed, closed-end, non-diversified investment management company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company's investment objective is to maximize the total return to its stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in private middle-market companies (typically those with $5.0 million to $50.0 million of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization)) through first lien, second lien, unitranche and mezzanine debt financing, and corresponding equity investments. The Company's investment activities are managed by its investment adviser, Stellus Capital Management. To learn more about Stellus Capital Investment Corporation, visit www.stelluscapital.com under the "Public Investors" link. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements included herein may contain "forward-looking statements" which relate to future performance or financial condition. Statements other than statements of historical facts included in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements and are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those described from time to time in filings by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the final prospectus that will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statement made herein. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. ContactsStellus Capital Investment CorporationW. Todd Huskinson, (713) 292-5414Chief Financial Officer[email protected] SOURCE Stellus Capital Investment Corporation

Steve Madden Declares Three-for-Two Stock Split LONG ISLAND CITY, N.Y., Sept. 17, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Steve Madden (Nasdaq: SHOO), a leading designer and marketer of fashion footwear and accessories for women, men and children, today announced that its Board of Directors has declared a three-for-two stock split, in the form of a stock dividend, of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock. The stock split will entitle all stockholders of record at the close of business on October 1, 2018, to receive one additional share of Steve Madden common stock for every two shares of common stock held on that date. The additional shares are expected to be distributed to stockholders on or about October 11, 2018, by the Company s transfer agent. As a result of the stock split, the number of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock will increase to approximately 87.6 million shares from approximately 58.4 million shares outstanding prior to the split. Answers to frequently asked questions regarding the stock split will be available on the Company s website in the Investor Relations section. About Steve Madden Steve Madden designs, sources and markets fashion-forward footwear and accessories for women, men and children. In addition to marketing products under its own brands including Steve Madden , Dolce Vita , Betsey Johnson , Blondo , Report , Brian Atwood , Cejon , Mad Love and Big Buddha , Steve Madden is a licensee of various brands, including Kate Spade , Superga and Anne Klein . Steve Madden also designs and sources products under private label brand names for various retailers. Steve Madden's wholesale distribution includes department stores, specialty stores, luxury retailers, national chains and mass merchants. Steve Madden also operates 208 retail stores (including Steve Madden's six Internet stores). Steve Madden licenses certain of its brands to third parties for the marketing and sale of certain products, including ready-to-wear, outerwear, intimate apparel, eyewear, hosiery, jewelry, fragrance, luggage and bedding and bath products. For local store information and the latest Steve Madden booties, pumps, men s and women s boots, dress shoes, sandals and more, visit http://www.stevemadden.com. Safe Harbor This press release and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company contain certain forward looking statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. The events described in forward looking statements may not occur. Generally, these statements relate to business plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits or other consequences of the Company's plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits from acquisitions to be made by the Company, or projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings or other aspects of the Company's operating results. The words "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "intend," "estimate," and "continue," and their opposites and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements. The Company cautions you that these statements concern current expectations about the Company s future results and condition and are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond the Company's control, that may influence the accuracy of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. Factors which may affect the Company's results include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any one or more of these uncertainties, risks and other influences could materially affect the Company's results of operations and financial condition and whether forward looking statements made by the Company ultimately prove to be accurate and, as such, the Company's actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Contact Steven Madden, Ltd. Director of Corporate Development & Investor Relations Danielle McCoy 718-308-2611 daniellemccoy@stevemadden.com

Elbit Systems Awarded Initial $31 Million Contract from the Israeli MOD to Supply Iron Fist Systems English English HAIFA, Israel , Jan. 7, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Elbit Systems Ltd. (NASDAQ: ESLT) (TASE: ESLT) ("Elbit Systems") announced today that it was awarded an initial contract from the Production and Procurement Directorate of the Israeli Ministry of Defense (IMOD) valued at approximately $31 million (NIS 109 million), to provide Iron Fist Active Protection Systems (APS) for the Eitan Armored Fighting Vehicles (AFV) of the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF). The contract will be performed over a five-year period. Under the contract Elbit Systems will equip the IDF's new wheeled AFVs with the Iron Fist Light Decoupled (IFLD) systems. The Iron Fist system uses optical sensors, tracking radar, launchers and countermeasure munitions to defeat threats at a safe distance. The Iron Fist system provides 360-degree protection coverage for close-range scenarios in both open terrain and urban environment. The systems' high-performance, versatility and negligible residual penetration, as well as its low size and weight and ease of integration, position the Iron Fist as an optimal APS for any fighting vehicle. Yehuda (Udi) Vered, Executive Vice President and General Manager of Elbit Systems Land Division, said: "We are proud to be in a position to provide the IDF with such an important operational capability. This award adds to the growing interest in the Iron Fist by many modern armed forces who seek to enhance the protection capabilities of their AFVs." About Elbit Systems Elbit Systems Ltd. is an international high technology company engaged in a wide range of defense, homeland security and commercial programs throughout the world. The Company, which includes Elbit Systems and its subsidiaries, operates in the areas of aerospace, land, and naval systems, command, control, communications, computers, intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance ("C4ISR"), unmanned aircraft systems, advanced electro-optics, electro-optic space systems, EW suites, signal intelligence systems, data links and communications systems, radios and cyber-based systems and munitions. The Company also focuses on the upgrading of existing platforms, developing new technologies for defense, homeland security and commercial applications and providing a range of support services, including training and simulation systems. For additional information visit: elbitsystems.com, follow us on: Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook or visit our official YouTube Channel. This press release contains forward looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) regarding Elbit Systems Ltd. and/or its subsidiaries (collectively the Company), to the extent such statements do not relate to historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements are based on management's expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. Forward looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties, which are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual future results, performance and trends may differ materially from these forward looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: scope and length of customer contracts; governmental regulations and approvals; changes in governmental budgeting priorities; general market, political and economic conditions in the countries in which the Company operates or sells, including Israel and the United States among others; differences in anticipated and actual program performance, including the ability to perform under long-term fixed-price contracts; and the outcome of legal and/or regulatory proceedings. The factors listed above are not all-inclusive, and further information is contained in Elbit Systems Ltd.'s latest annual report on Form 20-F, which is on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. The Company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. Elbit Systems Ltd., its logo, brand, product, service and process names appearing in this Press Release are the trademarks or service marks of Elbit Systems Ltd. or its affiliated companies. All other brand, product, service and process names appearing are the trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service or process other than those of Elbit Systems Ltd. does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation or sponsorship of that product, service or process by Elbit Systems Ltd. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of Elbit Systems Ltd. or any third party, except as expressly granted herein. Contacts: Company Contact: Joseph Gaspar, Executive VP & CFO Tel: +972-4-8316663 [email protected] Rami Myerson, Director, Investor Relations Tel: +972-77-2946403 [email protected] David Vaaknin, VP, Brand & Communications Tel: +972-77-2946691 [email protected] IR Contact: Ehud Helft Gavriel Frohwein GK Investor Relations Tel: 1-646-688-3559 [email protected] SOURCE Elbit Systems Ltd.

Ability Inc. Announces Entry into New Contracts TEL AVIV, ISRAEL, Dec. 03, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Ability Inc. (Nasdaq: ABIL) (the Company ), a leading provider of innovative tactical and strategic communications intelligence solutions, today announced that on November 29, 2019, it has entered into, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Ability Computers and Software Industries Ltd. ( ACSI ), into new contracts for selling its strategic interception solutions. According to the contracts, ACSI is expected to receive fees in the aggregate amount of up to $9.0 million, subject to certain approvals from local authorities and systems acceptances. ACSI s ability to collect cash and recognize revenues from the contract is dependent upon successful technical implementation and deployment of its solutions, and the ability to successfully pass acceptance tests and obtain any applicable regulatory approvals. Anatoly Hurgin, the Company s Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer, commented: We are encouraged by the ongoing interest in our solutions, and we are hopeful that this interest will translate into additional transactions in the future . About Ability Inc. Ability Inc. is the sole owner of ACSI and Ability Security Systems Ltd. Headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel, ACSI was founded in 1994, offering and providing advanced interception, geolocation for cellular and satellite communication and cyber intelligence tools used worldwide by Security and Intelligence Agencies, Military forces, Law Enforcement Agencies and Homeland Security Agencies. ACSI offers a broad range of lawful interception, decryption, cyber and geolocation solutions for cellular and satellite communication. State-of-the-art technology underpins ACSI s scalable offerings, which can be tactical-and-portable, or strategic-and-fixed, depending on its customers needs. Additional information regarding ACSI may be found at http://www.interceptors.com. Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include, among other thing, statements regarding the acquisition. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and may not be accurate indications of when such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information that the Company has when those statements are made or management s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such a difference include, without limitation, risks and uncertainties related to whether or not the Company will be satisfied with its due diligence of the supplier and whether the closing conditions related to the acquisition will be satisfied as well as other risk factors detailed in the Company s filings with the SEC, and the acquisition may not be completed as contemplated or at all. The Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise its forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Contact at Ability: Avi Levin CFO +972-3-6879777 avi@ability.co.il

SAIC Awarded Position on U.S. Navy s Naval Air Systems Command Contract Company will compete for training focused task orders for The Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division RESTON, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The U.S. Navy awarded Science Applications International Corp. (NYSE: SAIC) an indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity contract to deliver a broad range of training system products and services to the Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division. The multiple-award contract has a five-year base ordering period and three option ordering periods spanning four years. The contract is potentially worth approximately $980 million total for all awardees. SAIC is one of 22 awardees and work will be performed primarily in Orlando, Florida. This new award expands our presence in Orlando and focuses on training systems that improve readiness for our sailors, said Jim Scanlon, SAIC senior vice president and general manager of the Defense Systems Customer Group. We are excited to potentially deliver new training systems, modifications, and upgrades to our troops. Under this contract, SAIC will deliver analysis, design, development, integration, delivery, modification, modeling & simulation, and trainer support primarily to Naval Air Systems Command. Work is also open to other Navy commands, the Defense Modeling and Simulation Office, the U.S. Marine Corps, Coast Guard and Army. We ve supported Navy training missions for decades, said Josh Jackson, SAIC senior vice president and general manager of the Engineering Integration and Mission Solutions Segment. We look forward to applying our passion for integrating technology to create immersive training solutions that enable mission readiness. About SAIC SAIC is a premier technology integrator providing full life cycle services and solutions in the technical, engineering, intelligence, and enterprise information technology markets. SAIC is Redefining Ingenuity through its deep customer and domain knowledge to enable the delivery of systems engineering and integration offerings for large, complex projects. SAIC s more than 15,000 employees are driven by integrity and mission focus to serve customers in the U.S. federal government. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $4.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For ongoing news, please visit our newsroom. Certain statements in this announcement constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks and uncertainties and a number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our web site at www.saic.com. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.

Teekay Corporation Announces 3.5-Year Contract for the Hummingbird Spirit FPSO VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct. 11, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Teekay Corporation (Teekay or the Company) (NYSE:TK) announced that it has entered into an agreement with the Chestnut Joint Venture, a joint venture between Spirit Energy Ltd. and Dana Petroleum Ltd., to extend the employment of the Hummingbird Spirit FPSO unit (Hummingbird) on the Chestnut field in the North Sea until March 2023. This contract extension was done in conjunction with the Chestnut Joint Venture s plan to drill a new well at the Chestnut field. The new Hummingbird contract took effect on October 1, 2019 and is based on a fixed charter rate instead of the previous fixed charter rate plus oil production/price tariff. We are pleased to announce this important multi-year FPSO contract extension for the Hummingbird in connection with our customer s new drilling program, further extending the production of the field in the North Sea which originally commenced in 2008 and follows several contract extensions with the Chestnut Joint Venture. In addition, the new terms of the contract extension are expected to provide more cash flow visibility and stability to the Company, commented Kenneth Hvid, Teekay s President and Chief Executive Officer. About Teekay Teekay is a leading provider of international crude oil and gas marine transportation services and also provides offshore production. Teekay provides these services primarily through its directly-owned fleet and its controlling ownership interests in Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (NYSE:TGP), the world s third largest independent owner and operator of LNG carriers, and Teekay Tankers Ltd. (NYSE:TNK), one of the world s largest owners and operators of mid-sized crude tankers. The consolidated Teekay entities manage and operate total assets under management of approximately $12 billion, comprised of approximately 150 liquefied gas, offshore, and conventional tanker assets. With 12 operating offices around the world and approximately 5,700 seagoing and shore-based employees, Teekay provides a comprehensive set of marine services to the world s leading oil and gas companies. Teekay s common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TK . For Investor Relations enquiries contact: Ryan Hamilton Tel: +1 (604) 609-2963 Website: www.teekay.com Forward Looking Statement This release contains forward-looking statements (as defined in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) which reflect management s current views with respect to certain future events and performance, including: the stability of future cash flows from the Hummingbird; the expected production life of the Chestnut field; and the expected duration of the Hummingbird contract. The following factors are among those that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, and that should be considered in evaluating any such statement: less than expected revenue generated by, or higher than expected expenses and costs incurred relating to, the Hummingbird; changes in oil prices; changes in oil production on the Chestnut field; potential early termination of the Hummingbird charter contract; and other factors discussed in Teekay s filings from time to time with the SEC, including its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. Teekay expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Teekay s expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

Jacobs Wins Department of Defense Cyber Crime Center, Cyber Training Academy Contract DALLAS, Nov. 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Jacobs (NYSE:JEC) was selected by the U.S. GSA Federal Systems Integration and Management Center (FEDSIM) to provide support to the Department of Defense Cyber Crime Center (DC3) for modernization, design, development and delivery of specialized cyber training for its Cyber Training Academy (CTA) located in Linthicum Heights, Maryland. As part of its mission, DC3 CTA, also known as "the Academy," provides cyber training to the Defense Criminal Investigative Organizations and provides for certification of its personnel in the areas of computer incident response and forensic examinations. The contract has a negotiated award value to Jacobs of $216.6 million over a five-year period of performance, including a 12-month base period and four, 12-month option periods. "To meet the continuously evolving cyber threats facing our nation, Jacobs will leverage our team experience and tools through leadership and innovation in developing and delivering cyber training for Department of Defense personnel," said Aerospace, Technology and Nuclear Vice President Erik Larson. "We welcome the opportunity to work with GSA Federal Systems Integration and Management Center, supporting DC3's efforts in securing the nation and making their critical mission a success." The Academy is the vanguard of providing best-in-class cyber training to the DoD's cyber workforces. The scope of this effort includes providing program management, Academy operations and administration, course and curriculum development, training environment and capabilities, cyber training delivery, Mobile Training Teams and on-demand cyber training. The Academy also provides cyber training to the Cyber Mission Forces (CMF), which was instrumental in helping the United States Cyber Command's (USCYBERCOM) 133 CMF teams attain Initial Operational Capability and Full Operational Capability and advancing the CMF personnel from Journeyman through Master Level competency. Jacobs leads the global professional services sector providing solutions for a more connected, sustainable world. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of approximately 52,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of services including scientific, technical, professional and construction- and program-management for business, industrial, commercial, government and infrastructure sectors. For more information, visit www.jacobs.com, and connect with Jacobs on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking statements as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided by the same. Statements made in this release that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. We base these forward-looking statements on management's current estimates and expectations as well as currently available competitive, financial and economic data. Forward-looking statements, however, are inherently uncertain. There are a variety of factors that could cause business results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. For a description of some additional factors that may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 2018, and in particular the discussions contained under Item 1 - Business; Item 1A - Risk Factors; Item 3 - Legal Proceedings; and Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 29, 2019, and in particular the discussions contained under Part I, Item 2 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; Part II, Item 1 - Legal Proceedings; and Part II, Item 1A - Risk Factors, as well as the Company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company is not under any duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this press release to conform to actual results, except as required by applicable law. For press/media inquiries:Kerrie Sparks214.583.8433 SOURCE Jacobs Related Links http://www.jacobs.com

Leidos Awarded Traveler Processing and Vetting Software Contract RESTON, Va., July 1, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Leidos (NYSE:LDOS), a FORTUNE 500 science and technology leader, has been awarded a new Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to provide software development services and related specialized equipment. This single award BPA has a total estimated value of $960 million. It includes a one-year base period of performance followed by four one-year option periods. Work will primarily be performed in the Washington D.C. capital region. Under the BPA and its subsequent task orders, Leidos will provide a full range of software development life cycle services to support CBP's mission to safeguard America's borders and enhance the nation's global economic competitiveness. Leidos will also provide and maintain a variety of specialized equipment to support traveler enrollment and processing, including kiosks, workstations, biometric capture devices, document readers and telecommunications equipment. Leidos brings the logistics expertise necessary to support the widely-distributed international ports for land, sea and air operations, as well as deep biometrics experience on nation-scale programs and a significant existing presence at major ports of entry. "Leidos has a rich history with CBP, helping safeguard our ports and borders, and facilitating commerce and travel," said Vicki Schmanske, Leidos Intelligence Group president. "This BPA extends this work and draws upon Leidos' deep capabilities in both agile software development and SecDevOps, to support CBP's essential national security mission." About Leidos Leidos is a Fortune 500 information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 37,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Va., Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $11.09 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2020. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements include contract valuation assuming the exercise of all options. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 3, 2020, and other such filings that Leidos makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Contact: Melissa Due as (571) 526-6850 [email protected] Thomas Doheny (571) 474-4735 [email protected] SOURCE Leidos Related Links http://www.leidos.com

Mercer International Inc. Announces 10% Dividend Increase and $50 Million Common Stock Repurchase Program NEW YORK, May 02, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Mercer International Inc. (Nasdaq: MERC) (the "Company" or "Mercer") today announced that its board of directors has authorized a 10% increase to its quarterly dividend to $0.1375 per share from $0.125 per share. A quarterly dividend of $0.1375 per share will be paid on July 3, 2019 to all shareholders of record on June 24, 2019. Future dividends will be subject to approval of the Company's board of directors and may be adjusted as business and industry conditions warrant. In addition, Mercer announces that its board of directors has also authorized a common stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to $50 million of its shares over the next 12 months. Repurchases may be made from time to time under the program through open market or in privately negotiated transactions, through block trades or pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The repurchase program is subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors and will comply with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares and may be suspended or terminated at any time. The Company currently expects to fund any repurchases through its existing cash balances and cash flows. Mercer International Inc. is a global forest products company with operations in Germany and Canada with consolidated annual production capacity of 2.2 million tonnes of pulp and 550 million board feet of lumber. To obtain further information on the company, please visit its web site at https://www.mercerint.com. The preceding includes forward looking statements which involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause our actual results in future periods to differ materially from forecasted results. Words such as "expects", "anticipates", "projects", "intends", "designed", "will", "believes", "estimates", "may", "could" and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Among those factors which could cause actual results to differ materially are the following: the highly cyclical nature of our business, raw material costs, our level of indebtedness, competition, foreign exchange and interest rate fluctuations, our use of derivatives, expenditures for capital projects, environmental regulation and compliance, disruptions to our production, market conditions and other risk factors listed from time to time in our SEC reports. APPROVED BY: Jimmy S.H. Lee Executive Chairman (604) 684-1099 David M. Gandossi Chief Executive Officer (604) 684-1099

Equity Commonwealth Announces $150 Million Share Repurchase Authorization CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Equity Commonwealth (NYSE: EQC) announced today that its Board of Trustees authorized the repurchase of an additional $150 million of its outstanding common shares over the next 12 months under the company s existing share repurchase program. The prior $150 million authorization will expire on March 13, 2020. Any purchases made pursuant to the program will be made from time to time in the open market, privately negotiated transactions or other manners as permitted by federal securities laws. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by the company in its discretion and will be subject to economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. About Equity Commonwealth Equity Commonwealth (NYSE: EQC) is a Chicago based, internally managed and self-advised real estate investment trust (REIT) with commercial office properties in the United States. As of February 12, 2020, EQC s portfolio comprised 6 properties and 2.2 million square feet. Regulation FD Disclosures We use any of the following to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD: press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, or our website. We routinely post important information on our website at www.eqcre.com, including information that may be deemed to be material. We encourage investors and others interested in the company to monitor these distribution channels for material disclosures. Forward-Looking Statements Some of the statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including, but not limited to, any statements regarding future share repurchases. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are intended to be made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release reflect the company s current views about future events and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause the company s actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. We do not guarantee that the transactions and events described will happen as described (or that they will happen at all). We disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, of new information, data or methods, future events or other changes. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could cause the company s future results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements, see the section entitled Risk Factors in the company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.

HHS Awards $98 Million Contract to ICF for Child Welfare Capacity Building Work Company Will Support Programs Designed to Improve Outcomes for Children and Families FAIRFAX, Va., Nov. 21, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services recently awarded global consulting and digital services provider ICF (NASDAQ:ICFI) a re-compete contract to deliver child welfare capacity building services. The $98 million agreement, which was awarded in the third quarter of 2019, is with the Administration for Children and Families Children's Bureau. It has a term of five years including one base and four option years. ICF will work with the Children's Bureau to deliver a comprehensive array of training, technical support and implementation services to state and territorial child welfare agencies. These services will focus on helping improve the practice and administration of agency programs. ICF will also help these jurisdictions deepen their understanding of organizational performance and deliver effective strategies that improve the safety, permanency and well-being of children, youth and families. Five years ago, ICF was awarded a contract by the Children's Bureau to stand up the first-ever national Child Welfare Capacity Building Center for States. Since then, the company has delivered capacity building services to 54 jurisdictions. Since 2006, ICF has also supported the Child Welfare Information Gateway which connects child welfare and related professionals with various resources to help them protect children and strengthen families. "ICF has built a strong collaborative relationship with the Children's Bureau through our work on creating the Center and our long-standing support of the Information Gateway," said Jennifer Welham, senior vice president for ICF. "We look forward to continuing to support them in their efforts to identify effective prevention strategies, develop best practices for building capacity around change management and implement sustainable child welfare programs." ICF works with governments and nonprofits to help strengthen communities, families and citizens by delivering evidence-based solutions with measurable impact. Read more about ICF's social programs services. About ICF ICF is a global consulting services company with over 7,000 full- and part-time employees, but we are not your typical consultants. At ICF, business analysts and policy specialists work together with digital strategists, data scientists and creatives. We combine unmatched industry expertise with cutting-edge engagement capabilities to help organizations solve their most complex challenges. Since 1969, public and private sector clients have worked with ICF to navigate change and shape the future. Learn more at icf.com. Caution Concerning Forward-looking Statements Statements that are not historical facts and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties are "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may concern our current expectations about our future results, plans, operations and prospects and involve certain risks, including those related to the government contracting industry generally; our particular business, including our dependence on contracts with U.S. federal government agencies; and our ability to acquire and successfully integrate businesses. These and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those indicated in forward-looking statements are included in the "Risk Factors" section of our securities filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date hereof, and we specifically disclaim any obligation to update these statements in the future. Contact: Lauren Dyke, [email protected], +1.571.373.5577 SOURCE ICF Related Links http://www.icf.com

TCG BDC, Inc. Declares Special Dividend of $0.18 per Share NEW YORK, Dec. 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TCG BDC, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, we, us, our, TCG BDC or the Company ) (NASDAQ: CGBD) today announced that its Board of Directors declared a special dividend of $0.18 per share, which is payable on January 17, 2020 to stockholders of record as of December 31, 2019. About TCG BDC, Inc. TCG BDC is an externally managed specialty finance company focused on lending to middle-market companies. TCG BDC is managed by Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C., an SEC-registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of The Carlyle Group L.P. Since it commenced investment operations in May 2013 through September 30, 2019, TCG BDC has invested approximately $5.3 billion in aggregate principal amount of debt and equity investments prior to any subsequent exits or repayments. TCG BDC s investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation primarily through debt investments in U.S. middle market companies. TCG BDC has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Web: tcgbdc.com CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release may contain forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may, plans, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, targets, projects, outlook, potential, predicts and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our plans, strategies, prospects and expectations concerning our business, operating results, financial condition and other similar matters. We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. There may be events in the future, however, that we are not able to predict accurately or control. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which we make it. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ, possibly materially from our expectations, include, but are not limited to, the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and it is not possible for us to predict or identify all of them. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Contacts: Investors: Media: Daniel Harris Lindsey Lennon +1-212-813-4527 daniel.harris@carlyle.com +1-202-729-5038 lindsey.lennon@carlyle.com

Medtronic IN.PACT(TM) Admiral(TM) Drug Coated Balloon Receives FDA Approval to Treat Long SFA Lesions New Indication Expands DCB Treatment for Patients with SFA Lesions Up to 360mm DUBLIN - April 23, 2018 - Medtronic plc (NYSE: MDT) today announced that it has received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the IN.PACT(TM) Admiral(TM) Drug-Coated Balloon (DCB) to treat long superficial femoral artery (SFA) lesions up to 360mm in patients with peripheral artery disease (PAD). Approval was based on clinical data from the complex lesion imaging cohorts of the IN.PACT Global Study, including long lesion, in-stent restenosis, and chronic total occlusion (CTO) groups with lesion lengths >180mm. Across these groups, a total of 227 subjects with mean lesion lengths of 28.7 7.1 cm were analyzed. Data showed a one-year patency rate of 89.1 percent by Kaplan Meier estimate at day 360, and a clinically-driven target revascularization (CD-TLR) rate of 7.1 percent. "Data from the IN.PACT Global Study demonstrate that IN.PACT Admiral DCB is a safe and effective treatment option in real-world patients with lesions beyond 180 mm, frequently comprised of in-stent restenosis and chronic total occlusions," said Daniel Clair, M.D., chair of the Department of Surgery for University of South Carolina (USC) and the Palmetto Health-USC Medical Group. "More specifically, these results show maintenance of strong clinical outcomes, including a high primary patency rate and limited need for reintervention in patients exhibiting these complex, long lesions - among the most prevalent cases we see. The FDA's approval of this expanded indication now offers U.S. physicians a clinically-proven endovascular therapy to address this critical patient need." PAD is a serious, chronic condition that affects more than 200 million people worldwide.1 In PAD, arteries in the legs become narrowed or blocked by plaque. This narrowing of the blood vessel reduces blood flow to the leg, which can result in severe pain and limit physical mobility.2 Complex lesions, including those over 150mm, remain a significant treatment challenge for physicians. "In conversations with physicians, a key clinical challenge raised is the ability to provide a sustainable treatment option for longer length, complex lesions. With this approval, IN.PACT Admiral is now indicated to treat the longest lesions of any commercially-available DCB or peripheral stent in the U.S., providing physicians with additional confidence in using this DCB as part of their treatment algorithm," said Mark Pacyna, vice president and general manager of the Peripheral business, which is part of the Aortic & Peripheral Vascular division at Medtronic. "In partnership with the clinical community, we look forward to continued collaboration as we work to address additional treatment challenges in PAD with this device." About IN.PACT Admiral Drug-Coated Balloon The IN.PACT Admiral drug-coated balloon is a clinically-proven, cost-effective primary endovascular therapy that enables physicians to treat claudication and restenosis for patients with superficial femoral artery (SFA) disease. It was the first DCB to have received approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of in-stent restenosis. The DCB's primary mode of action is physical dilatation of the vessel lumen by PTA, and the proven paclitaxel drug, with a unique dose and excipient, is intended to prevent artery narrowing by minimizing scar tissue formation. IN.PACT Admiral received the CE (Conformit Europ ene) Mark in March 2009 to treat PAD and was approved by the FDA in December 2014 to treat superficial femoral and popliteal arteries. It has been studied in more than 20 individual clinical trials demonstrating durable safety and clinical benefits. To date, more than 200,000 patients have been treated with IN.PACT Admiral. It is the only DCB to have published three-year data and the first to have presented four-year data from a pivotal randomized trial. In collaboration with leading clinicians, researchers, and scientists worldwide, Medtronic offers the broadest range of innovative medical technology for the interventional and surgical treatment of cardiovascular disease and cardiac arrhythmias. The company strives to offer products and services of the highest quality that deliver clinical and economic value to healthcare consumers and providers around the world. About Medtronic Medtronic plc (www.medtronic.com), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is among the world's largest medical technology, services and solutions companies - alleviating pain, restoring health and extending life for millions of people around the world. Medtronic employs more than 84,000 people worldwide, serving physicians, hospitals and patients in approximately 160 countries. The company is focused on collaborating with stakeholders around the world to take healthcare Further, Together. Any forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties such as those described in Medtronic's periodic reports on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from anticipated results. -end-

AzurRx BioPharma Announces Positive Results from Phase 2 Trial with MS1819 in Cystic Fibrosis Patients Excellent safety results seen in CF patients, with CFA in line with previous studies and no need for a protease Management to discuss the results on a call scheduled for today, September 25, 2019 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time NEW YORK, Sept. 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AzurRx BioPharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:AZRX) ( AzurRx or the Company ), a company specializing in the development of non-systemic, recombinant therapies for gastrointestinal diseases, today announced positive safety results from its Phase II OPTION Clinical Trial of MS1819 for the treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in cystic fibrosis (CF). Results showed that the primary efficacy endpoint of coefficient of fat absorption (CFA) was comparable to the CFA in a prior phase 2 study in patients with chronic pancreatitis, while using the same dose of MS1819. The dose used in both studies was 2 gram/day, which was selected in agreement with FDA as a bridging dose. Although the study was not powered for statistical significance, the data also demonstrated meaningful efficacy results, with approximately 50% of the patients showing CFAs high enough to reach non-inferiority with porcine enzyme replacement therapies (PERT). Also, coefficient of nitrogen absorption (CNA) was comparable between the MS1819 and PERT arms, 93% vs. 97%, respectively, in the OPTION trial. This important finding confirms that protease supplementation is not likely to be required with MS1819 treatment. We are thrilled to have seen such favorable safety and meaningful efficacy data in this Phase II study. Importantly, the data were consistent and confirm results seen in prior clinical studies. We are grateful to all the investigators who worked diligently to bring this study to completion on time and also want to thank the patients and their caregivers for taking the time to participate in the trial, said Jim Pennington, M.D., Chief Medical Officer of AzurRx. We are eager to move forward with what we consider a logical and promising next trial to increase the dose for CF patients. The search for a non-porcine based pancreatic enzyme replacement for patients with cystic fibrosis has been a challenging but important endeavor, said Dr. Michael Konstan, Professor of Pediatrics at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine, and principal investigator in the OPTION trial. With these data showing MS1819 to be safe and to have the potential to support fat absorption, we have considerable reason to be optimistic for the next steps in non-porcine enzyme development. Thijs Spoor, Chief Executive Officer of AzurRx stated, We look forward to meeting with the FDA to discuss these results and our next steps. Clearly, these data are exciting for patients, who currently face debilitating symptoms, and we look to advancing to market a therapy that has the potential to improve the quality of life in these patients. Phase II OPTION Study Design The Phase II OPTION trial was an open-label, crossover study, conducted in 14 sites in the U.S. and Europe. Patients were first randomized to either the MS1819 arm, where they received a 2 gram daily oral dose of MS1819 for three weeks; or to the PERT arm, where they received their pre-study dose of PERT for three weeks. After three weeks, stools were collected for analysis, and patients were then crossed over to another three weeks of the alternative treatment. After three weeks of cross-over therapy, stools were collected again for analysis. Patients were then followed for an additional two weeks for post study safety observation. A total of 32 patients, ages 18 years or older, completed the study. Topline data compared the CFA of the MS1819 treatment phase, 56%, to the CFA of the PERT treatment phase, 86%. In addition, CNAs were 93% in the MS1819 group, compared to 97% in the PERT group. Of note, MS1819 contains no protease. Safety in the OPTION trial was excellent, with no severe adverse events (SAEs) and few overall adverse events. Based upon prior communications with FDA, the Company is planning to meet with the agency before year-end to discuss a Phase IIb/III trial design exploring the use of higher doses and/or enteric-coated capsules to ensure higher MS1819 activity in the duodenum. About MS1819-SD MS1819-SD, supplied as an oral non-systemic biologic capsule, is a recombinant enzyme that is derived from the yarrowia lipolytica lipase, and unlike the standard of care, does not contain any animal products. About Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency (EPI) is a condition characterized by deficiency of the exocrine pancreatic enzymes, resulting in the inability to digest food properly, or maldigestion. This deficiency can be responsible for greasy diarrhea, fecal urge and weight loss. There are approximately 90,000 patients in the U.S. with EPI caused by chronic pancreatitis according to the National Pancreas Foundation, and more than 30,000 patients with EPI caused by CF according to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. Patients are currently treated with porcine pancreatic enzyme replacement pills. Conference Call and Webcast Information Company management will discuss the Phase II OPTION clinical results on a conference call, today, Wednesday, September 25, 2019 at 8:30 am Eastern Time. To participate in the call, dial 877-407-0784 (domestic) or 201-689-8560 (international) fifteen minutes before the conference call begins and reference the conference passcode 13694778. The live conference call can be accessed via audio webcast at http://public.viavid.com/index.php?id=136209 . A replay of the call will be available on the Investor Relations section of the Company s website. About AzurRx BioPharma, Inc. AzurRx BioPharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:AZRX) is engaged in the research and development of non-systemic biologics for the treatment of patients with gastrointestinal disorders. MS1819-SD recombinant lipase for EPI is the Company's lead development program, and additional early stage research is being conducted for the prevention of hospital-acquired infections. The Company is headquartered in Brooklyn, NY, with scientific operations based in Langlade, France. Additional information on the Company can be found at www.azurrx.com Forward-Looking Statements This press release may contain certain statements relating to future results which are forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts, but instead represent only the Company s belief regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside of the Company s control. It is possible that the Company s actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning the Company and its business, including a discussion of factors that could materially affect the Company s financial results, including those related to the clinical development of MS1819-SD and final results of the Phase II OPTION study, are contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 under the heading Risk Factors, as well as the Company s subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements included in this press release are made only as of the date of this press release, and we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that subsequently occur or of which we hereafter become aware. For more information: AzurRx BioPharma, Inc. 760 Parkside Avenue Suite 304 Brooklyn, NY 11226 Phone: (646)-699-7855 info@azurrx.com Investor Relations contact:

Aclaris Therapeutics Announces Positive Results From Phase 1 Single and Multiple Ascending Dose Trial of ATI-450, an Investigational Oral MK2 Inhibitor Oral small molecule showed marked inhibition of TNF , IL1 , IL8, and IL6 Preliminary data support progression to Phase 2a Proof of Concept Trials in Immuno-Inflammatory Diseases WAYNE, Pa., Jan. 09, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aclaris Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACRS), a physician-led biopharmaceutical company focused on immuno-inflammatory diseases, today announced positive results from ATI-450-PKPD-101, a Single Ascending Dose and Multiple Ascending Dose (SAD/MAD) Phase 1 clinical trial of the investigational compound ATI-450. Preliminary data demonstrated that ATI-450: resulted in marked inhibition of TNF , IL1 , IL8, and IL6; was generally well-tolerated at all doses tested in the trial; had dose proportional pharmacokinetics (PK) with a terminal half-life of 9-12 hours; and had no meaningful food effect or drug-drug interaction (DDI) with methotrexate. ATI-450-PKPD-101 was a first-in-human, randomized, observer-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 1 clinical trial designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of orally administered ATI-450 in healthy subjects (n=77). The trial consisted of three parts: Single Ascending Dose (SAD) plus food effect (n=32, 8 subjects per dose cohort - 2 placebo, 6 active). A single dose of 10mg, 30mg, 50mg and 100mg was tested. Multiple Ascending Dose (MAD) (n=30, 10 subjects per dose cohort - 2 placebo, 8 active). 10mg BID, 30mg BID and 50mg BID doses were tested over 7 days of administration. Methotrexate DDI (n=15). Single 7.5-mg oral doses of methotrexate given alone or after ATI-450 50mg BID. No serious adverse events or severe adverse events were reported, and no adverse events led to discontinuation of the study medication. The most common adverse events (reported by 2 or more subjects who received ATI-450) observed during the trial were dizziness, headache, upper respiratory tract infection, constipation, nausea, and abdominal pain. All adverse events were mild. A trend of a decrease in absolute neutrophil count (ANC) was observed without correlated clinical sequelae. This effect is consistent with the pharmacodynamic profile of certain anti-TNF therapies1. Other laboratory findings were generally unremarkable. In this trial, ATI-450 had dose proportional pharmacokinetics with a terminal half-life of 9-12 hours in the MAD cohort on day 7. The PK profile was not meaningfully affected when taking ATI-450 with a high fat meal. Further, co-administration of ATI-450 with methotrexate had little impact on methotrexate pharmacokinetics. The pharmacodynamics of ATI-450 were evaluated by investigating the potential to inhibit production of key cytokines in ex vivo stimulated blood samples collected from subjects. At the 50mg BID dose (the dose with the highest degree of inhibition) at day 7 (12 hours post last dose): the mean trough drug levels were above the IC80 for TNF , IL1 and IL8; IL6 plasma levels were inhibited by more than 50% for part of the dosing interval; and the mean trough drug level was above the IC80 for phosphorylation of Heat Shock Protein 27, a downstream substrate of MK2 (and marker of inhibition of the MK2 target). We believe these data support the progression of ATI-450 into Phase 2 clinical development, said Dr. David Gordon, Chief Medical Officer of Aclaris. The potential for an oral small molecule which suppresses multiple proinflammatory cytokines could be very meaningful for the treatment of a number of immuno-inflammatory diseases. Aclaris intends to initiate the first Phase 2 clinical trial in subjects with rheumatoid arthritis in the first half of 2020. About ATI-450 ATI-450 is an investigational oral small molecule inhibitor of the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase-activated protein kinase 2 (MK2) inflammatory signaling pathway. This pathway drives the expression of multiple cytokines, chemokines, matrix metalloproteases and other inflammatory signals. Key inflammatory cytokines driven by this pathway include tumor necrosis factor (TNF ), interleukin-1 and -1 (IL1 and IL1 ), and interleukin-6 (IL6). On the basis of this mechanism, Aclaris is developing ATI-450 as a potential treatment for immuno-inflammatory diseases. About Aclaris Therapeutics, Inc. Aclaris Therapeutics, Inc. is a physician-led biopharmaceutical company committed to addressing the needs of patients with immuno-inflammatory diseases who lack satisfactory treatment options. The company s diverse and multi-stage portfolio includes one late-stage investigational drug candidate and a pipeline powered by a robust R&D engine exploring protein kinase regulation. For additional information, please visit www.aclaristx.com and follow Aclaris on LinkedIn or Twitter @aclaristx. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by words such as "believe," "expect," "may," "plan," "potential," "will," and similar expressions, and are based on Aclaris' current beliefs and expectations. These forward-looking statements include expectations regarding the development of Aclaris drug candidates and the timing of the initiation of clinical trials. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements. Risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially include uncertainties inherent in the conduct of clinical trials, Aclaris' reliance on third parties over which it may not always have full control, and other risks and uncertainties that are described in the Risk Factors section of Aclaris' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, Aclaris Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, and other filings Aclaris makes with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. These documents are available under the "SEC filings section of the Investors page of Aclaris' website at http://www.aclaristx.com. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Aclaris as of the date of this release, and Aclaris assumes no obligation to, and does not intend to, update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Aclaris Contact Michael Tung, M.D. Senior Vice President Corporate Strategy/Investor Relations 484-329-2140 mtung@aclaristx.com 1 Dillingh M, et al. Front. Immunol. 2016;7(508):1-9.

Fox Reports Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Revenues Of $3.44 Billion, An Increase Of 25% NET INCOME OF $90 MILLION, EARNINGS PER SHARE OF $0.13 ADJUSTED EBITDA OF $920 MILLION AND ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE OF $0.93 NEW YORK, May 6, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Fox Corporation (Nasdaq: FOXA, FOX) ("FOX" or the "Company") today reported financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2020. The Company reported total quarterly revenues of $3.44 billion, a 25% increase from the $2.75 billion of revenues reported in the prior year quarter, reflecting revenue growth across all operating segments. Advertising revenues increased 44%, led by the broadcast of Super Bowl LIV at the Television segment. Affiliate revenues increased 10%, led by increases at the Television segment due to higher fees from third-party FOX affiliates and higher average rates per subscriber, partially offset by net subscriber declines, at the Company's owned and operated television stations. The Company also reported a 27% increase in other revenues, led by the operation of the FOX Studios Lot for third parties and the impact of the consolidation of Credible Labs Inc at the Other, Corporate and Eliminations segment. Quarterly net income decreased to $90 million from the $539 million in the prior year quarter, primarily due to a loss recognized in other, net related to the change in fair value of the Company's former investment in Roku, Inc., as well as higher operating and selling, general and administrative expenses. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily reflects higher costs related to FOX operating as a standalone public company following the Distribution1 in the prior year quarter. Quarterly net income attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders decreased to $78 million ($0.13 per share) compared to $529 million ($0.85 per share) in the prior year quarter. Quarterly Adjusted EBITDA2 of $920 million was 20% higher than the prior year quarter, primarily due to higher contributions at the Television and Cable Network Programming segments. Adjusted net income attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders3 was $568 million ($0.93 per share), which was higher than the $471 million ($0.76 per share) adjusted result in the prior year quarter. Commenting on the results, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lachlan Murdoch said: "We delivered exceptional operational and financial results in the quarter, highlighted by our successful broadcast of Super Bowl LIV on FOX. While we remain focused on continuing to execute against the strategy that drove this strong performance, we are acutely mindful of the global health crisis and its countless impacts. Our highest priority remains the safety and well-being of our employees and their families. Due to the selfless dedication of many of our colleagues, the strength of FOX has been on display throughout the crisis as we continue to provide news, information, entertainment and assistance to communities around the country. As we eventually emerge, we are confident that FOX's focused collection of assets centered on live and event programming will be even more in-demand by advertisers and audiences alike, positioning us well for the future and enabling us to maximize long-term shareholder value." 1 On March 19, 2019, the Company became a standalone publicly traded company through the pro rata distribution by Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (now known as TFCF Corporation) ("21CF") of all of the issued and outstanding common stock of FOX to 21CF stockholders (other than holders that were subsidiaries of 21CF) (the "Distribution"). See page 5 for additional detail. 2 Adjusted EBITDA is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. See Note 1 for a description of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA. 3 Excludes net income effects of Impairment and restructuring charges, adjustments to Equity (losses) earnings of affiliates, Other, net and tax provision adjustments. See Note 2 for a description of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders, which are considered non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of reported net income and earnings per share attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders to adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders. REVIEW OF OPERATING RESULTS Three Months Ended March 31, Nine Months Ended March 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 $ Millions Revenues by Component: Affiliate fee $ 1,559 $ 1,420 $ 4,389 $ 4,102 Advertising 1,570 1,088 4,621 4,138 Other 311 244 875 636 Total revenues $ 3,440 $ 2,752 $ 9,885 $ 8,876 Segment Revenues: Cable Network Programming $ 1,467 $ 1,383 $ 4,221 $ 4,082 Television 1,926 1,370 5,548 4,796 Other, Corporate and Eliminations 47 (1) 116 (2) Total revenues $ 3,440 $ 2,752 $ 9,885 $ 8,876 Segment EBITDA: Cable Network Programming $ 792 $ 741 $ 2,032 $ 1,893 Television 224 99 261 256 Other, Corporate and Eliminations (96) (74) (256) (177) Adjusted EBITDA4 $ 920 $ 766 $ 2,037 $ 1,972 Depreciation and amortization: Cable Network Programming $ 15 $ 12 $ 44 $ 35 Television 17 28 46 80 Other, Corporate and Eliminations 25 18 74 37 Total depreciation and amortization $ 57 $ 58 $ 164 $ 152 4 Adjusted EBITDA is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. See Note 1 for a description of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA. CABLE NETWORK PROGRAMMING Three Months Ended March 31, Nine Months Ended March 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 $ Millions Revenues Affiliate fee $ 1,006 $ 968 $ 2,902 $ 2,845 Advertising 304 276 895 893 Other 157 139 424 344 Total revenues 1,467 1,383 4,221 4,082 Operating expenses (554) (547) (1,866) (1,896) Selling, general and administrative (126) (105) (342) (322) Amortization of cable distribution investments 5 10 19 29 Segment EBITDA $ 792 $ 741 $ 2,032 $ 1,893 Cable Network Programming reported quarterly segment revenues of $1.47 billion, an increase of $84 million or 6% from the amount reported in the prior year quarter, reflecting increases in affiliate, advertising and other revenues. Affiliate revenues increased $38 million or 4% as contractual price increases, including the impact of distribution agreement renewals, were partially offset by net subscriber declines. Advertising revenues increased $28 million or 10% as stronger ratings and higher digital advertising revenues at FOX News Media were partially offset by the impact of higher preemptions associated with breaking news coverage at FOX News Media and fewer live events at FS1 due to Coronavirus Disease 2019 ("COVID-19"). Other revenues increased $18 million or 13%, primarily due to higher sports sublicensing revenues. Cable Network Programming reported quarterly segment EBITDA of $792 million, an increase of $51 million or 7% from the amount reported in the prior year quarter, as the revenue increases noted above were partially offset by higher expenses. The increase in expenses was primarily due to higher digital costs and political coverage at FOX News Media and higher FOX Sports and FOX News production costs related to on-location studio shows in Miami leading up to Super Bowl LIV. Partially offsetting the increase in expenses was lower NASCAR programming rights amortization at FS1 due to the postponement of live events because of COVID-19. TELEVISION Three Months Ended March 31, Nine Months Ended March 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 $ Millions Revenues Advertising $ 1,266 $ 812 $ 3,726 $ 3,245 Affiliate fee 553 452 1,487 1,257 Other 107 106 335 294 Total revenues 1,926 1,370 5,548 4,796 Operating expenses (1,486) (1,114) (4,713) (4,075) Selling, general and administrative (216) (157) (574) (465) Segment EBITDA $ 224 $ 99 $ 261 $ 256 Television reported quarterly segment revenues of $1.93 billion, an increase of $556 million or 41% from the amount reported in the prior year quarter, reflecting increases in advertising, affiliate and other revenues. Advertising revenues increased $454 million or 56%, primarily due to the broadcast of Super Bowl LIV, partially offset by the impact of one less NFL Divisional playoff game compared to the prior year quarter. Also contributing to the increase in advertising revenues were higher cyclical political revenues at FOX Television Stations, partially offset by a decline in the local advertising market as a result of COVID-19. Affiliate revenues increased $101 million or 22% due to increases in fees from third-party FOX affiliates and higher average rates per subscriber, partially offset by net subscriber declines, at the Company's owned and operated television stations. Television reported quarterly segment EBITDA of $224 million, an increase of $125 million from the amount reported in the prior year quarter, as the revenue increases noted above were partially offset by higher expenses. The increase in expenses was primarily due to higher programming rights amortization and production costs at FOX Sports related to the broadcast of Super Bowl LIV, partially offset by the impact of one less NFL Divisional playoff game compared to the prior year quarter. Also contributing to the increase in expenses were incremental investments in original scripted programming and co-production arrangements with third-party studios at FOX Entertainment, partially offset by the absence of a write-down of certain entertainment and syndicated programming in the prior year quarter. ISSUANCE OF SENIOR NOTES In April, the Company issued $600 million of 3.05% senior notes due 2025 and $600 million of 3.50% senior notes due 2030. ACQUISITION OF TUBI, INC. AND SALE OF STAKE IN ROKU, INC. In April, the Company completed its acquisition of Tubi Inc., a leading free ad-supported streaming service, for approximately $445 million in net cash consideration at closing. The Company financed the Tubi acquisition principally with the net proceeds of approximately $340 million from the sale of its stake in Roku, Inc. in March. The Company purchased its stake in Roku, Inc. for approximately $40 million. The Company recorded a loss of approximately $470 million during the quarter ended March 31, 2020 due to the change in fair value of the Company's investment in Roku, Inc. prior to disposition, which is recognized in net income in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). This loss, along with other gains or losses on investments, non-recurring, infrequent or unusual items, are excluded from Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders. See Notes 1 and 2 for more information about these non-GAAP financial measures. IMPACT OF COVID-19 The impact of COVID-19 and measures to prevent its spread are affecting the macroeconomic environment, as well as the business of the Company, in a number of ways. For example, while the Company's national news ratings remain strong, sporting events for which the Company has broadcast rights have been cancelled or postponed, the production of certain entertainment content the Company acquires has been suspended and demand in local advertising markets has declined. The magnitude of the impacts will depend on the duration and extent of COVID-19 and the effect of governmental actions, consumer behavior and actions taken by the Company's business partners in response to the pandemic and such governmental actions. The evolving and uncertain nature of this situation makes it challenging for the Company to estimate the future performance of its businesses, particularly over the near to medium term, including the supply and demand for its services, its cash flows and its current and future advertising revenue. However, the impact of COVID-19 could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations over the near to medium term. A significant decline in estimated advertising revenue or the expected popularity of the Company's programming could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of, among other things, the Company's reporting units, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets and result in an impairment and a non-cash charge that is material to the Company's reported net earnings. DISTRIBUTION On March 19, 2019, the Company became a standalone publicly traded company through the pro rata distribution by Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (now known as TFCF Corporation) ("21CF") of all of the issued and outstanding common stock of FOX to 21CF stockholders (other than holders that were subsidiaries of 21CF) (the "Distribution") in accordance with the Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 20, 2018, by and between 21CF and 21CF Distribution Merger Sub, Inc. Following the Distribution, approximately 354 million and approximately 266 million shares of the Company's class A common stock and class B common stock, respectively, began trading independently on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. In connection with the Distribution, the Company entered into the Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2019 with 21CF, which effected the internal restructuring (the "Separation") whereby 21CF transferred to FOX a portfolio of 21CF's news, sports and broadcast businesses, including FOX News Media (consisting of FOX News and FOX Business), FOX Entertainment, FOX Sports, FOX Television Stations, and sports cable networks FS1, FS2, FOX Deportes and Big Ten Network, and certain other assets, and FOX assumed from 21CF the liabilities associated with such businesses and certain other liabilities. The Separation and the Distribution were effected as part of a series of transactions contemplated by the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 20, 2018, by and among 21CF, The Walt Disney Company ("Disney") and certain subsidiaries of Disney, pursuant to which, among other things, 21CF became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Disney. BASIS OF PRESENTATION The Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Company's financial statements for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 and as of March 31, 2020 and June 30, 2019 are presented on a consolidated basis. The Company's Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2020 reflect the Company's results of operations and cash flows as a standalone company, and the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2020 and June 30, 2019 consist of the Company's consolidated balances. Prior to the Distribution, which occurred on March 19, 2019, the Company's financial statements were derived from the unaudited consolidated financial statements and accounting records of 21CF. The Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2019 include, for the periods prior to March 19, 2019, allocations for certain support functions that were provided on a centralized basis within 21CF prior to the Distribution and not recorded at the business unit level, such as certain expenses related to finance, legal, insurance, information technology, compliance and human resources management activities, among others. 21CF did not routinely allocate these costs to any of its business units. These expenses were allocated to FOX on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a pro rata basis of combined revenues, headcount or other relevant measures. Management believes the assumptions underlying the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, including the assumptions regarding allocating general corporate expenses from 21CF, are reasonable. Nevertheless, the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements may not include all of the actual expenses that would have been incurred by FOX and may not reflect FOX's consolidated results of operations and cash flows had it been a standalone company during the entirety of the periods presented. Actual costs that would have been incurred if FOX had been a standalone company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure. The Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations includes corporate allocations of approximately $100 million and $270 million for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2019, respectively, in Selling, general and administrative expenses. Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "may," "will," "should," "likely," "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "projects," "believes," "estimates," "outlook" and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements in this press release due to changes in economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory factors and other factors affecting the operation of the Company's businesses, including the impact of COVID-19. More detailed information about these factors is contained in the documents the Company has filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019. Statements in this press release speak only as of the date they were made, and the Company undertakes no duty to update or release any revisions to any forward-looking statement made in this press release or to report any events or circumstances after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or to conform such statements to actual results or changes in the Company's expectations, except as required by law. To access a copy of this press release through the Internet, access Fox Corporation's corporate website located at http://www.foxcorporation.com. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Three Months Ended March 31, Nine Months Ended March 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 $ Millions, except per share amounts Revenues $ 3,440 $ 2,752 $ 9,885 $ 8,876 Operating expenses (2,061) (1,660) (6,620) (5,969) Selling, general and administrative (464) (336) (1,247) (964) Depreciation and amortization (57) (58) (164) (152) Impairment and restructuring charges - (14) (9) (14) Interest expense (89) (81) (269) (112) Interest income 8 19 33 19 Other, net (632) 84 (345) (116) Income before income tax expense 145 706 1,264 1,568 Income tax expense (55) (167) (347) (390) Net income 90 539 917 1,178 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (12) (10) (40) (37) Net income attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders $ 78 $ 529 $ 877 $ 1,141 Weighted average shares: 612 621 619 621 Net income attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders per share: $ 0.13 $ 0.85 $ 1.42 $ 1.84 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS March 31, 2020 June 30, 2019 Assets: $ Millions Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 3,196 $ 3,234 Receivables, net 2,453 1,967 Inventories, net 971 1,129 Other 124 148 Total current assets 6,744 6,478 Non-current assets: Property, plant and equipment, net 1,386 1,313 Intangible assets, net 3,084 2,851 Goodwill 3,089 2,691 Deferred tax assets 4,386 4,651 Other non-current assets 1,548 1,525 Total assets $ 20,237 $ 19,509 Liabilities and Equity: Current liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities $ 1,780 $ 1,712 Non-current liabilities: Borrowings 6,754 6,751 Other liabilities 1,312 899 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 258 189 Commitments and contingencies Equity: Class A common stock, $0.01 par value 3 4 Class B common stock, $0.01 par value 3 3 Additional paid-in capital 9,810 9,891 Retained earnings 589 357 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (291) (308) Total Fox Corporation stockholders' equity 10,114 9,947 Noncontrolling interests 19 11 Total equity 10,133 9,958 Total liabilities and equity $ 20,237 $ 19,509 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Nine Months Ended March 31, 2020 2019 $ Millions Operating Activities: Net income $ 917 $ 1,178 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization 164 152 Amortization of cable distribution investments 19 29 Impairment and restructuring charges 9 14 Equity-based compensation 101 5 Other, net 345 116 Deferred income taxes 255 322 Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and dispositions Receivables and other assets (299) (196) Inventories net of program rights payable 167 137 Accounts payable and other liabilities (333) (133) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,345 1,624 Investing Activities: Property, plant and equipment (192) (147) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (611) - Sale of investments 349 - Purchase of investments - (100) Other investing activities, net 57 (64) Net cash used in investing activities (397) (311) Financing activities: Borrowings - 6,750 Net transfers to Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. - (1,233) Net dividend paid to Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. - (6,500) Repurchase of shares (600) - Dividends paid and distributions (321) (33) Other financing activities, net (65) 21 Net cash used in financing activities (986) (995) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (38) 318 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 3,234 2,500 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 3,196 $ 2,818 NOTE 1 ADJUSTED EBITDA Beginning with the announcement of the Company's financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company has renamed as "Adjusted EBITDA" the measure that it had previously referred to as "Total Segment EBITDA" and, prior to the announcement of the Company's financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2019, as "Total Segment OIBDA." The definition of this measure has not changed: Adjusted EBITDA is defined as Revenues less Operating expenses and Selling, general and administrative expenses. Adjusted EBITDA does not include: Amortization of cable distribution investments, Depreciation and amortization, Impairment and restructuring charges, Interest expense, Interest income, Other, net and Income tax expense. Management believes that information about Adjusted EBITDA assists all users of the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the Company's portfolio of businesses separate from non-operational factors that affect net income, thus providing insight into both operations and the other factors that affect reported results. Adjusted EBITDA provides management, investors and equity analysts a measure to analyze the operating performance of the Company's business and its enterprise value against historical data and competitors' data, although historical results, including Adjusted EBITDA, may not be indicative of future results (as operating performance is highly contingent on many factors, including customer tastes and preferences). Adjusted EBITDA is considered a non-GAAP financial measure and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income, cash flow and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP. In addition, this measure does not reflect cash available to fund requirements and excludes items, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment charges, which are significant components in assessing the Company's financial performance. Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The following table reconciles net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019: Three Months Ended March 31, Nine Months Ended March 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 $ Millions Net income $ 90 $ 539 $ 917 $ 1,178 Add: Amortization of cable distribution investments 5 10 19 29 Depreciation and amortization 57 58 164 152 Impairment and restructuring charges - 14 9 14 Interest expense 89 81 269 112 Interest income (8) (19) (33) (19) Other, net 632 (84) 345 116 Income tax expense 55 167 347 390 Adjusted EBITDA $ 920 $ 766 $ 2,037 $ 1,972 NOTE 2 ADJUSTED NET INCOME AND ADJUSTED EPS The Company uses net income and earnings per share ("EPS") attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders excluding net income effects of Impairment and restructuring charges, adjustments to Equity (losses) earnings of affiliates, Other, net, and tax provision adjustments ("Adjusted Net Income" and "Adjusted EPS" respectively) to evaluate the performance of the Company's operations exclusive of certain items that impact the comparability of results from period to period. Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS are not measures of performance under GAAP and should be considered in addition to, and not as substitutes for, net income attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders and EPS as reported in accordance with GAAP. However, management uses these measures in comparing the Company's historical performance and believes that they provide meaningful and comparable information to management, investors and equity analysts to assist in their analysis of the Company's performance relative to prior periods and the Company's competitors. The following table reconciles net income and EPS attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders to Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2019: Three Months Ended March 31, 2020 March 31, 2019 Income EPS Income EPS $ Millions, except per share data Net income $ 90 $ 539 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (12) (10) Net income attributable to Fox Corporation stockholders $ 78 $ 0.13 $ 529 $ 0.85 Impairment and restructuring charges - - 14 0.02 Other, net5 627 1.02 (85) (0.14) Tax provision (137) (0.22) 13 0.02 Rounding - - - 0.01 As adjusted $ 568 $ 0.93 $ 471 $ 0.76 5 Other, net presented above excludes equity losses of affiliates. SOURCE Fox Corporation Related Links foxcorporation.com

Stifel Completes Acquisition of B&F Capital Markets, Inc. ST. LOUIS, Sept. 03, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Stifel Financial Corp. (NYSE: SF) today announced that it has completed the acquisition of B&F Capital Markets, Inc., an industry leader in providing regional and community banks with extensive interest rate swap capabilities. We are excited to welcome Alistair Fyfe, Derek Beitzel, and their team to Stifel, said Ronald J. Kruszewski, Chairman and CEO of Stifel. The combination of B&F Capital Markets expertise in interest rate risk management for banks commercial borrowers and Stifel s broad network of banking clients will further enhance our industry leading financial services practice. Founded in 2003, B&F is headquartered in Cleveland, OH, and maintains seven offices nationwide with 27 employees. B&F enters into strategic partnerships with regional and community banks throughout the U.S., ranging in asset size from $500 million to over $30 billion, providing a fully operational and professionally staffed client interest rate risk management group. Through these strategic partnerships, B&F initiates, develops, and grows interest rate derivative programs to hedge interest rate risk for the bank s commercial borrowers. Stifel Company Information Stifel Financial Corp. (NYSE: SF) is a financial services holding company headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, that conducts its banking, securities, and financial services business through several wholly owned subsidiaries. Stifel s broker-dealer clients are served in the United States through Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, including its Eaton Partners business division; Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.; Miller Buckfire & Co., LLC; Century Securities Associates, Inc., and in the United Kingdom and Europe through Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited. The Company s broker-dealer affiliates provide securities brokerage, investment banking, trading, investment advisory, and related financial services to individual investors, professional money managers, businesses, and municipalities. Stifel Bank and Stifel Bank & Trust offer a full range of consumer and commercial lending solutions. Stifel Trust Company, N.A. and Stifel Trust Company Delaware, N.A. offer trust and related services. To learn more about Stifel, please visit the Company s website at www.stifel.com . Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements The information contained in this press release contains certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements in this report not dealing with historical results are forward-looking and are based on various assumptions. The forward-looking statements in this report are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements. Material factors and assumptions could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. The Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made. The Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Annualized, pro forma, projected and estimated numbers are used for illustrative purpose only, are not forecasts and may not reflect actual results. Stifel Investor Relations Contact Joel Jeffrey, (212) 271-3610 investorrelations@stifel.com

Otonomy Announces FDA Approval of OTIPRIO(R) for Acute Otitis Externa SAN DIEGO, March 02, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Otonomy, Inc. (NASDAQ:OTIC), a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of innovative therapeutics for otology, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved OTIPRIO (ciprofloxacin otic suspension) 6% for the treatment of acute otitis externa (AOE) in patients 6 months of age and older due to Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus. OTIPRIO is the first single-dose antibacterial approved by the FDA for treating AOE. "This approval is an important milestone for the OTIPRIO program because it significantly expands the product's commercial potential to include approximately 4 million episodes of AOE per year in the United States, and broadens the target physician population beyond otolaryngologists to pediatricians and primary care physicians who treat the vast majority of AOE cases," said David A. Weber, Ph.D., president and CEO of Otonomy. This indication also provides an entry point for OTIPRIO use in the office setting where the single-dose treatment can be administered by a physician or healthcare professional and then billed using an existing J Code. We look forward to incorporating AOE into our ongoing commercial partnering and divestiture discussions." About Acute Otitis Externa Acute otitis externa (AOE), also known as swimmer s ear, is a common condition involving infection and inflammation of the external ear canal typically caused by bacterial infection. According to market data, there are approximately 4 million episodes of AOE each year in the United States. Symptoms include itchiness, redness, swelling, pain and pus draining from the infected ear. Topical antibiotics are considered the standard of care treatment for AOE with the typical regimen of ear drops requiring several administrations to the affected ear each day for up to 10 days. About OTIPRIO OTIPRIO is a sterile, preservative-free, otic suspension of 6% ciprofloxacin administered as a single-dose by a healthcare professional. The thermosensitive suspension exists as a liquid at or below room temperature and gels when warmed. For bilateral otitis media with effusion, OTIPRIO is administered during ear tube surgery as a single 0.1 mL (6 mg) intratympanic administration into each affected ear, following suctioning of the middle ear effusion. In two Phase 3 trials, a single intraoperative administration of OTIPRIO demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in the cumulative proportion of study treatment failures compared to tubes alone (p-value < 0.001). For AOE, OTIPRIO is administered as a single 0.2 mL (12 mg) administration to the external ear canal of each affected ear. In a single Phase 3 trial, OTIPRIO demonstrated statistically significant clinical response defined as the complete absence of signs and symptoms of AOE (i.e., tenderness, erythema, edema, and otorrhea) compared to sham (p-value < 0.001). Approved Indications for OTIPRIO OTIPRIO (ciprofloxacin otic suspension) is a fluoroquinolone antibacterial indicated for The treatment of pediatric patients 6 months of age and older with bilateral otitis media with effusion undergoing tympanostomy tube placement and The treatment of acute otitis externa in patients 6 months of age and older due to Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus. Important Safety Information for OTIPRIO Contraindications: OTIPRIO is contraindicated in patients with a history of hypersensitivity to ciprofloxacin, to other quinolones, or to any of the components of OTIPRIO. Warnings and Precautions - Potential for Microbial Overgrowth: OTIPRIO may result in overgrowth of nonsusceptible bacteria and fungi. If such infections occur, institute alternative therapy. Adverse Reactions - Bilateral otitis media with effusion clinical trials: Adverse reactions (incidence at least 3%) with OTIPRIO vs sham were: nasopharyngitis (5% vs 4%), irritability (5% vs 3%), and rhinorrhea (3% vs 2%). Acute otitis externa clinical trial: Adverse reactions (incidence at least 2%) with OTIPRIO vs sham were: ear pruritus (2% vs 2%), headache (2% vs 1%), otitis media (2% vs 1%), and ear discomfort (2% vs 0%). Use in Specific Populations - Pediatric Use: The safety and effectiveness of OTIPRIO in infants below six months of age have not been established for the treatment of pediatric patients with bilateral otitis media with effusion undergoing tympanostomy tube placement and acute otitis externa. Full prescribing information can be found at www.OTIPRIO.com. About Otonomy Otonomy is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of innovative therapeutics for otology. The company pioneered the application of drug delivery technology to the ear in order to develop products that achieve sustained drug exposure from a single local administration. This approach is covered by a broad patent estate and is being utilized to develop a pipeline of products addressing important unmet medical needs including M ni re s disease, hearing loss, and tinnitus. For additional information please visit www.otonomy.com. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or the future financial or operating performance of Otonomy. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements by Otonomy s president and CEO. Otonomy's expectations regarding these matters may not materialize, and actual results in future periods are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to: Otonomy's limited operating history and its expectation that it will incur significant losses for the foreseeable future; Otonomy's ability to obtain additional financing; Otonomy's dependence on the regulatory success and advancement of its product candidates; the uncertainties inherent in the clinical drug development process, including, without limitation, Otonomy's ability to adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of its product candidates, the nonclinical and clinical results for its product candidates, which may not support further development, and challenges related to patient enrollment in clinical trials; Otonomy's ability to obtain regulatory approval for its product candidates; side effects or adverse events associated with Otonomy's product candidates; competition in the biopharmaceutical industry; Otonomy's dependence on third parties to conduct nonclinical studies and clinical trials; Otonomy's dependence on third parties for the manufacture of its product candidates; Otonomy's dependence on a small number of suppliers for raw materials; Otonomy's ability to protect its intellectual property related to its product candidates in the United States and throughout the world; expectations regarding potential market size, opportunity and growth; Otonomy's ability to manage operating expenses; implementation of Otonomy's business model and strategic plans for its business, products and technology; and other risks. Information regarding the foregoing and additional risks may be found in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in Otonomy's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on November 8, 2017, and Otonomy's future reports to be filed with the SEC. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information available to Otonomy as of the date hereof. Otonomy disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Contacts: Media Inquiries Canale Communications Heidi Chokeir, Ph.D. Senior Vice President 619.849.5377 heidi@canalecomm.com Investor Inquiries Westwicke Partners Robert H. Uhl Managing Director 858.356.5932 robert.uhl@westwicke.com

Johnson & Johnson Reports 2020 First-Quarter Results Sales of $20.7 billion reflecting strong growth of 3.3%, operational growth of 4.8%* and adjusted operational growth of 5.6%*, inclusive of the overall estimated negative impact of the COVID 19 pandemic EPS of $2.17 increased 56.1%; adjusted EPS of $ 2.30 increased 9.5%* Dividend increase of 6.3% announced Long term fundamentals remain intact; 2020 guidance lowered to reflect COVID 19 impact and related investments NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J., April 14, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) today announced results for first-quarter 2020. The Company also announced earlier today that its Board of Directors declared a 6.3% increase in the quarterly dividend rate, from $0.95 per share to $1.01 per share. At the new rate, the indicated dividend on an annual basis is $4.04 per share compared to the previous rate of $3.80 per share. "With Johnson & Johnson's century-plus history of leading in times of great challenge, we are mobilizing our resources across the Company in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic," said Alex Gorsky, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. "Johnson & Johnson is built for times like this, and we are leveraging our scientific expertise, operational scale and financial strength in the effort to advance the work on our lead COVID-19 vaccine candidate. We are committed to beginning production at risk imminently and bringing an affordable and accessible vaccine to the public on a not-for-profit basis for emergency pandemic use." Mr. Gorsky continued, "I am both proud and amazed at the level of dedication that I have witnessed from our more than 132,000 employees as we have focused on delivering on our commitments and responsibilities to the patients and consumers we serve. Our strong performance in the first quarter reflects the efforts of our teams around the world and the sustainability of our business model. Today, our Board of Directors approved an increase in our quarterly dividend for the 58th consecutive year, underscoring our commitment to delivering value for our shareholders and the confidence we have in our business now and in the future." OVERALL FINANCIAL RESULTS: FIRST QUARTER ($ in Millions, except EPS) 2020 2019 % Change Reported Sales $ 20,691 $ 20,021 3.3% Net Earnings 5,796 3,749 54.6% EPS (diluted) $ 2.17 $ 1.39 56.1% Non-GAAP* FIRST QUARTER ($ in Millions, except EPS) 2020 2019 % Change Operational Sales1,2 n/a n/a 4.8% Adjusted Operational Sales1,3 n/a n/a 5.6% Adjusted Net Earnings1,4 6,154 5,661 8.7% Adjusted EPS (diluted)1,4 $ 2.30 $ 2.10 9.5% 1 Non-GAAP financial measure; refer to reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures included in accompanying schedules 2 Excludes the impact of translational currency 3 Excludes the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures and translational currency 4 Excludes intangible amortization expense and special items REGIONAL SALES RESULTS: FIRST QUARTER % Change ($ in Millions) 2020 2019 Reported Operational1,2 Currency Adjusted Operational1,3 U.S. $ 10,699 $ 10,129 5.6% 5.6 - 6.7 International 9,992 9,892 1.0% 4.0 (3.0) 4.5 Worldwide $ 20,691 $ 20,021 3.3% 4.8 (1.5) 5.6 1 Non-GAAP financial measure; refer to reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures included in accompanying schedules 2 Excludes the impact of translational currency 3 Excludes the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures and translational currency Note: values may have been rounded SEGMENT SALES RESULTS: FIRST QUARTER % Change ($ in Millions) 2020 2019 Reported Operational1,2 Currency Adjusted Operational1,3 Consumer Health $ 3,625 $ 3,318 9.2% 11.3 (2.1) 11.0 Pharmaceutical 11,134 10,244 8.7% 10.1 (1.4) 10.2 Medical Devices 5,932 6,459 (8.2)% (6.9) (1.3) (4.8) Worldwide $ 20,691 $ 20,021 3.3% 4.8 (1.5) 5.6 1 Non-GAAP financial measure; refer to reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures included in accompanying schedules 2 Excludes the impact of translational currency 3 Excludes the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures and translational currency Note: values may have been rounded SEGMENT COMMENTARY: Consumer HealthConsumer Health worldwide operational sales, excluding the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures, grew 11.0%* driven primarily by over-the-counter products including TYLENOL and MOTRIN analgesics; upper respiratory products including ZYRTEC; digestive health products and ZARBEE'S NATURALS. Other contributors to growth were LISTERINE mouthwash in oral care products; NEUTROGENA and AVEENO in skin health/beauty products, as well as STAYFREE and o.b. in international women's health. Consumer Health results across the majority of franchises were positively impacted by the increased demand related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Pharmaceutical Pharmaceutical worldwide operational sales, excluding the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures, grew 10.2%* driven by STELARA (ustekinumab), a biologic for the treatment of a number of immune-mediated inflammatory diseases, DARZALEX (daratumumab), for the treatment of multiple myeloma, IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib), an oral, once-daily therapy approved for use in treating certain B-cell malignancies, a type of blood or lymph node cancer, INVEGA SUSTENNA/XEPLION/INVEGA TRINZA/TREVICTA (paliperidone palmitate), long-acting, injectable atypical antipsychotics for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults, ERLEADA (apalutamide), a next-generation androgen receptor inhibitor for the treatment of patients with prostate cancer, OPSUMIT (macitentan), an oral endothelin receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension to delay disease progression, TREMFYA (guselkumab), a biologic for the treatment of adults living with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, and PREZISTA/PREZCOBIX/REZOLSTA/SYMTUZA for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection. This growth was partially offset by biosimilar and generic competition, with declines primarily in international VELCADE (bortezomib), a proteasome inhibitor for the treatment of multiple myeloma, REMICADE (infliximab), a biologic approved for the treatment of a number of immune-mediated inflammatory diseases, and PROCRIT (epoetin alfa), a treatment for chemotherapy-induced anemia and patients with chronic kidney disease. Medical DevicesMedical Devices worldwide operational sales, excluding the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures, declined by 4.8%* driven by the estimated net negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated deferral of medical procedures to our Surgery, Orthopaedics, Interventional Solutions and Vision businesses. NOTABLE NEW ANNOUNCEMENTS IN THE QUARTER:The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with Johnson & Johnson's other disclosures filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Current Reports on Form 8-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on request from Johnson & Johnson. The reader is also encouraged to review all other news releases available online in the Investors section of the Company's website at news releases. Regulatory Approvals ERLEADA (apalutamide) - European Commission (EC) Approves Expanded Use for Treatment of Patients with Metastatic Hormone-Sensitive Prostate Cancer (press release) STELARA (ustekinumab) - EC Approves Expanded Use for Treatment of Pediatric Patients With Moderate To Severe Plaque Psoriasis (press release) Regulatory Submissions Ponesimod Submission of New Drug Applications to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Marketing Authorization for Treatment of Adults with Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis (press release) (press release) DARZALEX (daratumumab) - Submission to U.S. FDA for Combination with carfilzomib and dexamethasone (DKd) For Patients with Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma (press release) Other Lead Vaccine Candidate for COVID-19; Landmark New Partnership with U.S. Department of Health & Human Services; and Commitment to Supply One Billion Vaccines Worldwide for Emergency Pandemic Use; Announced (press release) XARELTO (rivaroxaban) -Landmark Phase 3 VOYAGER PAD Study of XARELTO Plus Aspirin Shows Significant Benefit in Patients with Symptomatic Peripheral Artery Disease (PAD) after Lower-Extremity Revascularization (press release) Rilpivirine And Cabotegravir Results of Phase 3 FLARE Study Demonstrate the Safety and Efficacy of Long-Acting Injectable HIV Treatment Regimen through 96 Weeks (press release) Rilpivirine and Cabotegravir 48-week Results of Phase 3b ATLAS-2M Study Demonstrate the Safety and Efficacy of Long-Acting Injectable HIV Treatment Administered Every Two Months (press release) JNJ-6372 Granted U.S. FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation for the Treatment of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (press release) RPGR Gene Therapy Granted European Medicines Agency PRIME and Advanced Therapy Medicinal Product Designations for X-Linked Retinitis Pigmentosa (press release) HEARTLINE launched, the First-of-its-Kind, Virtual Study Designed to Explore if a New iPhone App and Apple Watch Can Help Reduce the Risk of Stroke1 (press release) 1 iPhone and Apple Watch are trademarks of their respective owners FULL-YEAR 2020 GUIDANCE: Johnson & Johnson does not provide GAAP financial measures on a forward-looking basis because the Company is unable to predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, unusual gains and losses, acquisition-related expenses and purchase accounting fair value adjustments without unreasonable effort. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors, and could be material to Johnson & Johnson's results computed in accordance with GAAP. The impact of COVID-19, inclusive of the related investments the Company is making to combat the pandemic, is included in the guidance below. April 2020 January 2020 ($ in Billions, except EPS) Adjusted Operational Sales1,2 Change vs. Prior Year (3.0%) - 0.5% 5.0% - 6.0% Operational Sales2 Change vs. Prior Year $79.2 to $82.2 (3.5%) - 0.0% $85.8 to $86.6 4.5% - 5.5% Estimated Reported Sales3 Change vs. Prior Year $77.5 to $80.5 (5.5%) - (2.0%) $85.4 to $86.2 4.0% - 5.0% Adjusted Operational EPS (Diluted)2,4 Change vs. Prior Year $7.65 to $8.05 (11.9%) - (7.3%) $9.00 to $9.15 3.7% - 5.4% Adjusted EPS (Diluted)3,4 Change vs. Prior Year $7.50 to $7.90 (13.6%) - (9.0%) $8.95 to $9.10 3.1% - 4.8% 1 Non-GAAP financial measure; excludes the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures 2 Non-GAAP financial measure; excludes the impact of translational currency 3 Calculated using Euro Average Rate: April 2020 = $1.09 Euro Average Rate: January 2020 = $1.11 (Illustrative purposes only) 4 Non-GAAP financial measure; excludes intangible amortization expense and special items Other modeling considerations will be provided on the webcast. WEBCAST INFORMATION: Johnson & Johnson will conduct a conference call with investors to discuss this earnings release today at 8:30 a.m., Eastern Time. A simultaneous webcast of the call for investors and other interested parties may be accessed by visiting the Johnson & Johnson website. A replay and podcast will be available approximately two hours after the live webcast in the Investors section of the Company's website at events-and-presentations. ABOUT JOHNSON & JOHNSON:At Johnson & Johnson, we believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress. That's why for more than 130 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life. Today, as the world's largest and most broadly-based health care company, we are committed to using our reach and size for good. We strive to improve access and affordability, create healthier communities, and put a healthy mind, body and environment within reach of everyone, everywhere. We are blending our heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES:*Operational sales growth excluding the impact of translational currency, adjusted operational sales growth excluding the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures and translational currency, as well as adjusted net earnings, adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted operational diluted earnings per share excluding after-tax intangible amortization expense and special items, are non-GAAP financial measures and should not be considered replacements for, and should be read together with, the most comparable GAAP financial measures. Except for guidance measures, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the accompanying financial schedules of the earnings release and the Investors section of the Company's website at quarterly-results. Copies of the financial schedules accompanying this earnings release are available on the Company's website at quarterly-results. These schedules include supplementary sales data, a condensed consolidated statement of earnings, reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, and sales of key products/franchises. Additional information on Johnson & Johnson, including adjusted income before tax by segment, a pharmaceutical pipeline of selected compounds in late stage development and a copy of today's earnings call presentation can also be found in the Investors section of the Company's website at quarterly-results. NOTE TO INVESTORS CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS:This press release contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things: future operating and financial performance, product development, market position and business strategy. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: risks related to the impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic, such as the scope and duration of the outbreak, government actions and restrictive measures implemented in response, material delays and cancellations of medical procedures, supply chain disruptions and other impacts to the business, or on the Company's ability to execute business continuity plans, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, economic factors, such as interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; competition, including technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product research and development, including uncertainty of clinical success and obtaining regulatory approvals; uncertainty of commercial success for new and existing products; challenges to patents; the impact of patent expirations; the ability of the Company to successfully execute strategic plans; the impact of business combinations and divestitures; manufacturing difficulties or delays, internally or within the supply chain; product efficacy or safety concerns resulting in product recalls or regulatory action; significant adverse litigation or government action, including related to product liability claims; changes to applicable laws and regulations, including tax laws and global health care reforms; trends toward health care cost containment; changes in behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of health care products and services; financial instability of international economies and legal systems and sovereign risk; increased scrutiny of the health care industry by government agencies. A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson & Johnson's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2019, including in the sections captioned "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and "Item 1A. Risk Factors," in the Company's most recently filed Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the Company's subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on request from Johnson & Johnson. Any forward-looking statement made in this release speaks only as of the date of this release. Johnson & Johnson does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments. Johnson & Johnson and Subsidiaries Supplementary Sales Data (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions) FIRST QUARTER Percent Change 2020 2019 Total Operations Currency Sales to customers by segment of business Consumer Health U.S. $ 1,740 1,438 21.0 % 21.0 - International 1,885 1,880 0.3 3.9 (3.6) 3,625 3,318 9.2 11.3 (2.1) Pharmaceutical U.S. 6,061 5,582 8.6 8.6 - International 5,073 4,662 8.8 12.0 (3.2) 11,134 10,244 8.7 10.1 (1.4) Medical Devices U.S. 2,898 3,109 (6.8) (6.8) - International 3,034 3,350 (9.4) (6.9) (2.5) 5,932 6,459 (8.2) (6.9) (1.3) U.S. 10,699 10,129 5.6 5.6 - International 9,992 9,892 1.0 4.0 (3.0) Worldwide $ 20,691 20,021 3.3 % 4.8 (1.5) Note: Percentages have been calculated using actual, non-rounded figures and, therefore, may not recalculate precisely. Johnson & Johnson and Subsidiaries Supplementary Sales Data (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions) FIRST QUARTER Percent Change 2020 2019 Total Operations Currency Sales to customers by geographic area U.S. $ 10,699 10,129 5.6 % 5.6 - Europe 4,827 4,609 4.7 7.5 (2.8) Western Hemisphere excluding U.S. 1,502 1,503 (0.1) 8.5 (8.6) Asia-Pacific, Africa 3,663 3,780 (3.1) (1.9) (1.2) International 9,992 9,892 1.0 4.0 (3.0) Worldwide $ 20,691 20,021 3.3 % 4.8 (1.5) Note: Percentages have been calculated using actual, non-rounded figures and, therefore, may not recalculate precisely. Johnson & Johnson and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statement of Earnings (Unaudited; in Millions Except Per Share Figures) FIRST QUARTER 2020 2019 Percent Percent Percent Increase Amount to Sales Amount to Sales (Decrease) Sales to customers $ 20,691 100.0 $ 20,021 100.0 3.3 Cost of products sold 7,062 34.1 6,615 33.0 6.8 Gross Profit 13,629 65.9 13,406 67.0 1.7 Selling, marketing and administrative expenses 5,203 25.1 5,219 26.1 (0.3) Research and development expense 2,580 12.5 2,858 14.3 (9.7) In-process research and development - - 890 4.4 Interest (income) expense, net (42) (0.2) 3 0.0 Other (income) expense, net (679) (3.3) (22) (0.1) Restructuring 58 0.3 36 0.2 Earnings before provision for taxes on income 6,509 31.5 4,422 22.1 47.2 Provision for taxes on income 713 3.5 673 3.4 5.9 Net earnings 5,796 28.0 3,749 18.7 54.6 Net earnings per share (Diluted) $ 2.17 $ 1.39 56.1 Average shares outstanding (Diluted) 2,671.0 2,698.8 Effective tax rate 11.0 % 15.2 % Adjusted earnings before provision for taxes and net earnings (1) Earnings before provision for taxes on income $ 7,244 35.0 $ 6,867 34.3 5.5 Net earnings $ 6,154 29.7 $ 5,661 28.3 8.7 Net earnings per share (Diluted) $ 2.30 $ 2.10 9.5 Effective tax rate 15.0 % 17.6 % (1)See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. Johnson & Johnson and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures First Quarter (Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Data) 2020 2019 Net Earnings, after tax- as reported $5,796 $3,749 Pre-tax Adjustments Intangible Asset Amortization expense 1,118 1,130 Litigation expense 120 423 IPR&D - 890 Restructuring related 118 90 Acquisition and Integration related (962) 67 Unrealized (gains)/losses on securities 327 (158) Medical Device Regulation2 14 - Other - 3 Tax Adjustments Tax impact on special item adjustments 3 (267) (533) Tax legislation and related impacts (110) - Adjusted Net Earnings, after tax $6,154 $5,661 Average shares outstanding (Diluted) 2,671.0 2,698.8 Adjusted net earnings per share (Diluted) $2.30 $2.10 Operational adjusted net earnings per share (Diluted) $2.32 Notes: 1 Acquisition and integration related costs for the first quarter of 2020 primarily includes a $983M Contingent Consideration reversal related to the timing of certain developmental milestones associated with the Auris Health acquisition. 2 European Medical Device Regulation (MDR) costs represent one-time compliance costs for the Company's previously registered products. MDR is a replacement of the existing European Medical Devices Directive regulatory framework, and manufacturers of currently marketed medical devices are required to comply with EU MDR beginning in May 2021. The Company considers the adoption of EU MDR to be a significant one-time regulatory change and is not indicative of on-going operations. The Company has excluded only external third-party regulatory and consulting costs from its Medical Devices operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. 3 The tax impact related to special item adjustments reflects the current and deferred income taxes associated with the above pre-tax special items in arriving at adjusted earnings. Johnson & Johnson and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure Adjusted Operational Sales Growth FIRST QUARTER 2020 ACTUAL vs. 2019 ACTUAL Segments Consumer Health Pharmaceutical Medical Devices Total WW As Reported 9.2% 8.7% (8.2)% 3.3% U.S. 21.0% 8.6% (6.8)% 5.6% International 0.3% 8.8% (9.4)% 1.0% WW Currency (2.1) (1.4) (1.3) (1.5) U.S. - - - - International (3.6) (3.2) (2.5) (3.0) WW Operational 11.3% 10.1% (6.9)% 4.8% U.S. 21.0% 8.6% (6.8)% 5.6% International 3.9% 12.0% (6.9)% 4.0% Skin Health / Beauty Dr. Ci Labo - Japan (0.4) (0.1) U.S. 0.0 0.0 International (0.7) (0.1) General Surgery Advanced Sterilization Products 2.1 0.8 U.S. 2.7 0.9 International 1.6 0.6 Baby Care Baby Center 0.3 0.0 U.S. 0.8 0.1 International 0.0 0.0 All Other Acquisitions and Divestitures (0.2) 0.1 (0.1) 0.0 U.S. 0.0 0.1 (0.2) 0.0 International (0.3) 0.0 0.1 0.0 WW Adjusted Operational 11.0% 10.2% (4.8)% 5.6% U.S. 21.7% 8.7% (4.3)% 6.7% International 2.8% 12.0% (5.3)% 4.5% Note: Percentages are based on actual, non-rounded figures and may not sum REPORTED SALES vs. PRIOR PERIOD ($MM) FIRST QUARTER % Change 2020 2019 Reported Operational (1) Currency CONSUMER HEALTH SEGMENT (2,3) BABY CARE US $ 92 87 6.7% 6.7% - Intl 269 307 -12.4% -8.2% -4.2% WW 361 394 -8.2% -4.9% -3.3% SKIN HEALTH / BEAUTY(4) US 659 588 12.1% 12.1% - Intl 458 502 -8.8% -6.5% -2.3% WW 1,117 1,090 2.5% 3.5% -1.0% ORAL CARE US 176 151 16.2% 16.2% - Intl 219 216 1.5% 5.3% -3.8% WW 395 367 7.6% 9.8% -2.2% OTC US 689 507 35.9% 35.9% - Intl 659 580 13.7% 17.0% -3.3% WW 1,348 1,087 24.1% 25.8% -1.7% WOMEN'S HEALTH US 4 3 32.0% 32.0% - Intl 228 222 2.5% 8.9% -6.4% WW 232 225 2.9% 9.2% -6.3% WOUND CARE / OTHER US 119 102 17.0% 17.0% - Intl 52 53 -1.2% 1.9% -3.1% WW 171 155 10.7% 11.8% -1.1% TOTAL CONSUMER HEALTH US 1,740 1,438 21.0% 21.0% - Intl 1,885 1,880 0.3% 3.9% -3.6% WW $ 3,625 3,318 9.2% 11.3% -2.1% See footnotes at end of schedule REPORTED SALES vs. PRIOR PERIOD ($MM) FIRST QUARTER % Change 2020 2019 Reported Operational (1) Currency PHARMACEUTICAL SEGMENT (2) IMMUNOLOGY US $ 2,410 2,163 11.4% 11.4% - Intl 1,228 1,088 12.8% 16.3% -3.5% WW 3,638 3,251 11.9% 13.1% -1.2% REMICADE US 625 774 -19.3% -19.3% - US Exports (5) 110 76 44.3% 44.3% - Intl 256 252 1.5% 5.2% -3.7% WW 990 1,102 -10.2% -9.3% -0.9% SIMPONI / SIMPONI ARIA US 272 263 3.4% 3.4% - Intl 258 261 -1.2% 2.6% -3.8% WW 529 524 1.1% 3.0% -1.9% STELARA US 1,217 882 37.9% 37.9% - Intl 603 523 15.2% 18.3% -3.1% WW 1,819 1,405 29.5% 30.6% -1.1% TREMFYA US 187 168 11.5% 11.5% - Intl 109 49 * * * WW 296 217 36.4% 37.3% -0.9% OTHER IMMUNOLOGY US - - - - - Intl 3 3 -6.9% -5.6% -1.3% WW 3 3 -6.9% -5.6% -1.3% INFECTIOUS DISEASES US 436 357 22.3% 22.3% - Intl 483 489 -1.2% 2.7% -3.9% WW 920 846 8.7% 11.0% -2.3% EDURANT / rilpivirine US 12 12 0.6% 0.6% - Intl 212 199 6.4% 9.2% -2.8% WW 224 211 6.1% 8.7% -2.6% PREZISTA / PREZCOBIX / REZOLSTA / SYMTUZA US 396 315 25.5% 25.5% - Intl 184 208 -11.6% -6.4% -5.2% WW 579 523 10.8% 12.8% -2.0% OTHER INFECTIOUS DISEASES US 29 30 -3.4% -3.4% - Intl 87 82 6.7% 10.2% -3.5% WW 116 112 4.0% 6.6% -2.6% See footnotes at end of schedule REPORTED SALES vs. PRIOR PERIOD ($MM) FIRST QUARTER % Change 2020 2019 Reported Operational (1) Currency NEUROSCIENCE US 748 723 3.3% 3.3% - Intl 910 905 0.5% 3.0% -2.5% WW 1,658 1,629 1.8% 3.1% -1.3% CONCERTA / Methylphenidate US 52 97 -46.1% -46.1% - Intl 118 116 1.5% 3.6% -2.1% WW 171 214 -20.1% -19.0% -1.1% INVEGA SUSTENNA / XEPLION /INVEGA TRINZA / TREVICTA US 544 483 12.6% 12.6% - Intl 339 307 10.3% 13.2% -2.9% WW 883 790 11.7% 12.9% -1.2% RISPERDAL CONSTA US 76 77 -0.3% -0.3% - Intl 94 102 -8.7% -5.9% -2.8% WW 170 179 -5.1% -3.5% -1.6% OTHER NEUROSCIENCE US 75 66 12.5% 12.5% - Intl 360 379 -5.1% -3.1% -2.0% WW 435 446 -2.5% -0.8% -1.7% ONCOLOGY US 1,175 962 22.1% 22.1% - Intl 1,839 1,556 18.2% 21.7% -3.5% WW 3,013 2,518 19.7% 21.8% -2.1% DARZALEX US 463 352 31.8% 31.8% - Intl 474 277 70.9% 76.8% -5.9% WW 937 629 49.0% 51.6% -2.6% ERLEADA(6) US 119 58 * * - Intl 24 3 * * * WW 143 61 * * * IMBRUVICA US 432 349 23.9% 23.9% - Intl 599 435 37.8% 42.3% -4.5% WW 1,031 784 31.6% 34.1% -2.5% VELCADE US - - - - - Intl 108 263 -59.0% -58.2% -0.8% WW 108 263 -59.0% -58.2% -0.8% ZYTIGA / abiraterone acetate US 139 185 -25.2% -25.2% - Intl 552 494 11.7% 14.3% -2.6% WW 690 679 1.6% 3.5% -1.9% OTHER ONCOLOGY(6) US 22 18 20.1% 20.1% - Intl 82 84 -2.7% 0.6% -3.3% WW 104 102 1.3% 4.1% -2.8% See footnotes at end of schedule REPORTED SALES vs. PRIOR PERIOD ($MM) FIRST QUARTER % Change 2020 2019 Reported Operational (1) Currency PULMONARY HYPERTENSION US 486 430 13.0% 13.0% - Intl 260 226 14.9% 17.8% -2.9% WW 745 656 13.7% 14.7% -1.0% OPSUMIT US 229 172 33.0% 33.0% - Intl 160 133 20.2% 23.3% -3.1% WW 389 306 27.4% 28.8% -1.4% UPTRAVI US 212 176 20.7% 20.7% - Intl 38 22 70.2% 75.0% -4.8% WW 250 198 26.2% 26.8% -0.6% OTHER PULMONARY HYPERTENSION(6) US 44 82 -45.9% -45.9% - Intl 62 71 -12.4% -10.7% -1.7% WW 106 152 -30.4% -29.6% -0.8% CARDIOVASCULAR / METABOLISM / OTHER US 806 947 -14.9% -14.9% - Intl 354 398 -11.0% -8.7% -2.3% WW 1,160 1,345 -13.8% -13.1% -0.7% XARELTO US 527 542 -2.7% -2.7% - Intl - - - - - WW 527 542 -2.7% -2.7% - INVOKANA / INVOKAMET US 117 154 -23.6% -23.6% - Intl 58 49 18.6% 20.9% -2.3% WW 175 202 -13.5% -12.9% -0.6% PROCRIT / EPREX US 76 148 -48.5% -48.5% - Intl 79 78 0.4% 1.9% -1.5% WW 155 226 -31.6% -31.0% -0.6% OTHER US 85 104 -18.0% -18.0% - Intl 217 271 -19.7% -17.1% -2.6% WW 302 374 -19.2% -17.4% -1.8% TOTAL PHARMACEUTICAL US 6,061 5,582 8.6% 8.6% - Intl 5,073 4,662 8.8% 12.0% -3.2% WW $ 11,134 10,244 8.7% 10.1% -1.4% See footnotes at end of schedule REPORTED SALES vs. PRIOR PERIOD ($MM) FIRST QUARTER % Change 2020 2019 Reported Operational (1) Currency MEDICAL DEVICES SEGMENT (2) INTERVENTIONAL SOLUTIONS US 365 343 6.6% 6.6% - Intl 362 389 -6.9% -5.1% -1.8% WW 727 732 -0.6% 0.4% -1.0% ORTHOPAEDICS US 1,250 1,318 -5.2% -5.2% - Intl 788 885 -11.0% -8.5% -2.5% WW 2,038 2,204 -7.5% -6.5% -1.0% HIPS US 206 213 -3.6% -3.6% - Intl 132 148 -11.2% -8.4% -2.8% WW 337 361 -6.7% -5.6% -1.1% KNEES US 214 223 -4.2% -4.2% - Intl 130 146 -11.4% -8.9% -2.5% WW 343 369 -7.0% -6.1% -0.9% TRAUMA US 407 417 -2.3% -2.3% - Intl 247 268 -8.0% -5.3% -2.7% WW 654 685 -4.5% -3.5% -1.0% SPINE, SPORTS & OTHER(7) US 423 465 -8.9% -8.9% - Intl 280 323 -13.3% -11.1% -2.2% WW 703 788 -10.7% -9.8% -0.9% SURGERY US 844 1,001 -15.7% -15.7% - Intl 1,257 1,394 -9.8% -6.7% -3.1% WW 2,100 2,395 -12.3% -10.5% -1.8% ADVANCED US 381 404 -5.7% -5.7% - Intl 567 576 -1.6% 1.6% -3.2% WW 948 980 -3.3% -1.4% -1.9% GENERAL(6) US 463 597 -22.5% -22.5% - Intl 690 818 -15.7% -12.6% -3.1% WW 1,153 1,414 -18.5% -16.8% -1.7% VISION US 439 446 -1.6% -1.6% - Intl 628 682 -8.0% -6.4% -1.6% WW 1,067 1,129 -5.5% -4.5% -1.0% CONTACT LENSES / OTHER US 346 321 7.7% 7.7% - Intl 467 502 -7.0% -5.4% -1.6% WW 814 824 -1.3% -0.3% -1.0% SURGICAL US 93 125 -25.5% -25.5% - Intl 160 180 -11.0% -9.2% -1.8% WW 253 305 -16.9% -15.9% -1.0% TOTAL MEDICAL DEVICES US 2,898 3,109 -6.8% -6.8% - Intl 3,034 3,350 -9.4% -6.9% -2.5% WW $ 5,932 6,459 -8.2% -6.9% -1.3% Note: Columns and rows within tables may not add due to rounding. Percentages have been calculated using actual, non-rounded figures, and therefore, may not recalculate precisely. * Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful (1) Operational growth excludes the effect of translational currency (5) Reported as U.S. sales (2) Unaudited (6) Refer to supplemental schedule (3) Previously referred to as Consumer (7) Previously referred to as Spine & Other (4) Previously referred to as Beauty Supplemental Schedule Prior quarter amounts have been reclassified to conform to current quarter product disclosure ($MM) 2018 2019 2019 Full Year Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Full Year PHARMACEUTICAL SEGMENT(1) ERLEADA(2) US 124 58 62 74 103 297 Intl - 3 7 12 13 35 WW 124 61 69 86 116 332 OTHER ONCOLOGY(2) US 104 18 16 17 19 70 Intl 362 84 85 83 84 336 WW 466 102 101 100 104 407 2018 2019 2019 Full Year Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Full Year Pulmonary Hypertension OTHER PAH(3) US 353 82 61 36 26 205 Intl 342 71 78 61 62 272 WW 695 152 140 96 88 476 2018 2019 2019 Full Year Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Full Year MEDICAL DEVICES SEGMENT(1) GENERAL SURGERY(4) US 2,468 597 530 531 534 2,192 Intl 3,431 818 794 769 834 3,215 WW 5,899 1,414 1,325 1,301 1,366 5,406 Note: Columns and rows within tables may not add due to rounding. (1) Unaudited (2) ERLEADA was previously included in Other Oncology (3) Other PAH is inclusive of TRACLEER, which was previously disclosed separately (4) General Surgery is inclusive of Specialty Surgery, which was previously disclosed separately SOURCE Johnson & Johnson Related Links http://www.jnj.com

Jacobs Awarded Tyndall Air Force Base Contract Rebuilding Tyndall Air Force Base as a visionary Installation of the Future DALLAS, Oct. 15, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Jacobs (NYSE:JEC) was awarded a contract to develop the program requirements and standards that will transform Tyndall Air Force Base (AFB) into a visionary Installation of the Future (IotF). Jacobs is contracted as a subconsultant to KBR to support and advance the redevelopment of Tyndall Air Force Base. The objectives of reconstruction are to restore the full operational capability of the installation to serve as the prototype for future IotF's. Tyndall AFB located 12 miles east of Panama City, Florida, sustained a direct hit from Category 5 Hurricane Michael, one of the strongest hurricanes to hit the U.S. in more than 25 years. The devastating storm inflicted immeasurable, lasting damage across the region and resulted in significant damage and destruction across the installation. "We view the post-disaster environment not only as a catalyst to restoring operational capability for the base and its missions, but also to help create a prototypical and definitional future installation with a focus on resiliency and sustainability," said Jacobs Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities Senior Vice President for U.S. Federal Solutions Pankaj Duggal. "The key definitional solutions include robust cybersecurity, SMART ownership systems, high performance buildings, resilient and redundant energy systems, high wind load structural solutions and resilient utility systems." At Tyndall AFB, Jacobs has transitioned the master planning effort into zone development plans and completed 42 program requirements packages which comprise the $2.8 billion Military Construction Program funding request to the U.S. Congress. Additionally, Jacobs is tasked with updating the installation's facility standards to be consistent with IotF requirements, developing a master program schedule, conducting analysis for delivery methods and preparing reoccurring risk and opportunity planning in support of the Project Management Office's efforts. Jacobs has been a long-term partner with the Department of Defense, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and local communities helping them recover from natural disasters like hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes and flooding. Jacobs rapidly established emergency program management offices and assembled teams to provide immediate disaster response and recovery assistance, deploying field teams as large as 300 people to assist FEMA last year with emergency protective measures, damage assessment, debris removal and restoration of public facilities, including roads, bridges, schools, hospitals, water treatment and individual homes. Jacobs leads the global professional services sector providing solutions for a more connected, sustainable world. With approximately $12 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 50,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of services including scientific, technical, professional and construction- and program-management for business, industrial, commercial, government and infrastructure sectors. For more information, visit www.jacobs.com, and connect with Jacobs on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking statements as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided by the same. Statements made in this release that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. We base these forward-looking statements on management's current estimates and expectations as well as currently available competitive, financial and economic data. Forward-looking statements, however, are inherently uncertain. There are a variety of factors that could cause business results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. For a description of some additional factors that may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 2018, and in particular the discussions contained under Item 1 - Business; Item 1A - Risk Factors; Item 3 - Legal Proceedings; and Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 29, 2019, and in particular the discussions contained under Part I, Item 2 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; Part II, Item 1 - Legal Proceedings; and Part II, Item 1A - Risk Factors, as well as the Company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company is not under any duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this press release to conform to actual results, except as required by applicable law. For press/media inquiries:Kerrie Sparks214.583.8433 SOURCE Jacobs Related Links http://www.jacobs.com

U.S. Navy Awards Leidos Contract to Provide Cyber Mission Engineering Services RESTON, Va., March 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Leidos (NYSE:LDOS), a FORTUNE 500 science and technology leader, has been awarded a $962 million contract by the U.S. Navy's Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center (SPAWARSYSCEN) Atlantic to provide engineering and information warfare services for cyber missions. The multiple award, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity, hybrid cost-plus-fixed-fee contract has a five-year base ordering period followed by two one-year option periods. Work will be performed in South Carolina, Maryland, Virginia, and California. Leidos will provide SPAWARSYSCEN cyber mission engineering and technical services that supports national security information warfare capabilities through sea, air, land, space, electromagnetic, and cyber domains. This includes support for Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Combat Systems, Intelligence, Surveillance, Reconnaissance (C5ISR), Identity Operations, Enterprise Information Services and Space Programs. Leidos has a track record of performance supporting C4ISR engineering programs for the Navy, such as currently providing full lifecycle systems engineering (integration, testing, training, cybersecurity, etc.) for the Distributed Common Ground System Navy (DCGS-N). The navy cyber engineering award enables the company to compete for an opportunity to continue its over two decades of support for the DCGS-N program as well as compete to support other important C4ISR and cyber programs. "We have provided our Navy customers with over 40 years of proven C4ISR systems engineering experience that enables warfighters to execute their critical missions for the nation," said Eric Freeman, Leidos C4ISR Solutions Operation Manager. "We will continue to expand upon our C4ISR work by leveraging this contract and other similar work for our defense customers." About LeidosLeidos is a Fortune 500 information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 32,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 28, 2018, and other such filings that Leidos makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Contact: Melissa Koskovich Erin Tindell (571) 526-6850 (571) 526-6996 [email protected] [email protected] SOURCE Leidos Related Links http://www.leidos.com

NW Natural Water to Acquire Suncadia s Water and Wastewater Utilities in Washington State Continues to Expand Operations in Idaho PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NW Natural Water Company, LLC (NW Natural Water), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Northwest Natural Holding Company (NYSE:NWN) (NW Natural Holdings), has agreed to acquire Suncadia s water and wastewater utilities. Located in Cle Elum, these utilities serve 2,800 connections at a year-round, master-planned resort community in central Washington. Suncadia serves a rapidly growing resort community that attracts people from Seattle, Tacoma and the greater Pacific Northwest, said David H. Anderson, NW Natural Holdings president and CEO. For more than 160 years, we ve been providing safe, reliable and affordable utility services across the region, and we look forward to bringing this high-quality service to Suncadia. We re very pleased to partner with NW Natural Water on this transaction. It is a strong utility with a proven track record and an outstanding commitment to its customers, added Roger Beck, managing director of Suncadia. NW Natural Water s industry expertise, reputation and financial capacity will be critical to meeting the needs of our growing community. Idaho Expansion NW Natural Water also continues to expand its operations in Idaho. The Company recently closed two previously-announced acquisitions near Coeur d'Alene and has signed agreements to purchase two additional systems in that area. In addition, NW Natural Water has entered into an agreement to acquire the Taylor Mountain Water and Sewer District near Idaho Falls, its first acquisition of a municipally-owned system. I m excited to continue building our water business by acquiring additional systems in and around our existing footprint, said Justin Palfreyman, NW Natural Water s president and NW Natural Holdings vice president of strategy and business development. These acquisitions are consistent with our growth strategy, and we re encouraged by the momentum we re seeing in our water business. Consolidated Water Business Once all pending acquisitions are closed, NW Natural Water will provide water and wastewater services to approximately 53,000 people through 21,000 connections. Its operations span the Pacific Northwest, including Oregon, Washington and Idaho. The pending acquisitions are subject to certain conditions, including approval by the applicable utility commissions in Washington and Idaho, and expected to close in late 2019 or early 2020. About NW Natural Holdings Northwest Natural Holding Company, (NYSE: NWN) (NW Natural Holdings), is headquartered in Portland, Oregon, and through its subsidiaries has been doing business for 160 years in the Pacific Northwest. It owns NW Natural Gas Company (NW Natural), NW Natural Water Company (NW Natural Water), and other business interests and activities. NW Natural is a local distribution company that currently provides natural gas service to approximately two million people in more than 140 communities through more than 750,000 meters in Oregon and Southwest Washington with one of the most modern pipeline systems in the nation. NW Natural consistently leads the industry with high J.D. Power & Associates customer satisfaction scores. NW Natural Holdings subsidiaries own and operate 35 Bcf of underground gas storage capacity with NW Natural operating 20 Bcf in Oregon. NW Natural Water currently provides water distribution and wastewater services to communities throughout the Pacific Northwest. When current outstanding transactions close, NW Natural Water expects to serve 53,000 people through approximately 21,000 connections. Learn more about our water business at nwnaturalwater.com. Additional information is available at nwnaturalholdings.com. Investor Contact: Nikki Sparley, 503-721-2530, nikki.sparley@nwnatural.com Media Contact: Melissa Moore, 503-220-2436, melissa.moore@nwnatural.com FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This report, and other presentations made by NW Natural Holdings from time to time, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "seeks," "believes," "estimates," "expects" and similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the following: plans, objectives, goals, strategies, assumptions, estimates, expectations, expenses, future events, investments, reliability, customer and business growth, customer rates or rate recovery, the water utility strategy and the related pending water acquisitions, acquisition integration, the likelihood, timing, and success associated with any transaction, financial results, accretion or financial projections, strategic fit, revenues and earnings, performance, timing or effects of future regulatory proceedings or future regulatory approvals, and other statements that are other than statements of historical facts. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. We caution you therefore against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are discussed by reference to the factors described in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors," and Part II, Item 7 and Item 7A "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk" in NW Natural Holdings most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as updated by subsequent filed reports, and in Part I, Items 2 and 3 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk," and Part II, Item 1A, "Risk Factors," in such company's quarterly reports filed thereafter. All forward-looking statements made in this report and all subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or oral and whether made by or on behalf of NW Natural Holdings, are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for the company to predict all such factors, nor can it assess the impact of each such factor or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.

CACI Awarded $48.5 Million Contract to Deploy Counter-Unmanned Aerial Systems Platforms to Protect Vital National Security Assets ARLINGTON, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--CACI International Inc (NYSE:CACI) announced that the Navy has awarded the company a $48.5 million single-award, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contract to provide integration, installation, sustainment, and engineering services to the Naval Air Systems Command Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD) AIRWorks Rapid Development Capabilities Integrated Product team. The one-year contract represents new and continuing work for CACI in its Intelligence Systems and Support market area. NAWCAD supports research and development, engineering, test, and evaluation of all Navy air vehicle systems and trainers. Under this contract, CACI will support the deployment of new and existing counter unmanned aerial systems (C-UAS) capabilities and hardware to high-priority and sensitive government sites that protect assets vital to national security by providing technical, engineering, and project management support services, including modeling and simulation, and hardware, software, and command and control integration. CACI is an industry leader in developing, deploying, and integrating sophisticated C-UAS solutions with its SkyTracker product suite, providing fixed site, on-the-move, and man-packable and small form factor technologies. John Mengucci, CACI s Chief Operating Officer, said, As an industry leader in precision radiofrequency counter-unmanned aerial systems capabilities, CACI offers the Naval Air Systems Command s AIRWorks team a system-of-systems approach to protecting national security assets. We look forward to continuing to build on the long-standing relationship CACI has developed with the Navy, and providing our highly specialized and precise technologies that help the Navy advance AIRWorks capabilities in support of its important mission. CACI provides information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. A Fortune World s Most Admired Company, CACI is a member of the Fortune 1000 Largest Companies, the Russell 2000 Index, and the S&P SmallCap600 Index. CACI s sustained commitment to ethics and integrity defines its corporate culture and drives its success. With approximately 18,600 employees worldwide, CACI provides dynamic career opportunities for military veterans and industry professionals to support the nation s most critical missions. Join us! www.caci.com. SkyTracker is a trademark of CACI International Inc There are statements made herein which do not address historical facts, and therefore could be interpreted to be forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in CACI s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017, and other such filings that CACI makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. Any forward-looking statements should not be unduly relied upon and only speak as of the date hereof. CACI-Contract Award

STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program PR N C2908C Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares Period from Jul 29, 2019 to Aug 02, 2019 AMSTERDAM August 5, 2019 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the Company or STMicroelectronics ), a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications, announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the Program ) disclosed via a press release dated November 5, 2018. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 31, 2018 and by the supervisory board. STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) (Ticker: STM ) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris, in the period between July 29, 2019 to August 02, 2019 (the Period ), of 273,006 ordinary shares (equal to 0.03% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 16.5286 and for an overall price of EUR 4,512,411.72. Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STM (ISIN: NL0000226223), in detailed form. Transactions in Period Dates of transaction Number of share purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) Jul 30, 2019 84,335 16.7576 1,413,253.04 XPAR Jul 31, 2019 83,776 16.8922 1,415,164.05 XPAR Aug 01, 2019 18,514 16.4917 305,327.96 XPAR Aug 02, 2019 86,381 15.9603 1,378,666.67 XPAR Total for Period 273,006 16.5286 4,512,411.72 Following the share buybacks detailed above, the Company holds in total 16,683,316 treasury shares, which represents approximately 1.8% of the Company s issued share capital. In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052, a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/buyback-program). About STMicroelectronics ST is a global semiconductor leader delivering intelligent and energy-efficient products and solutions that power the electronics at the heart of everyday life. ST s products are found everywhere today, and together with our customers, we are enabling smarter driving and smarter factories, cities and homes, along with the next generation of mobile and Internet of Things devices. By getting more from technology to get more from life, ST stands for life.augmented. In 2018, the Company s net revenues were $9.66 billion, serving more than 100,000 customers worldwide. Further information can be found at www.st.com. For further information, please contact: INVESTOR RELATIONS: C line Berthier Group VP, Investor Relations Tel : +41.22.929.58.12 celine.berthier@st.com MEDIA RELATIONS: Alexis Breton Corporate External Communications Tel: + 33 6 59 16 79 08 alexis.breton@st.com Attachment

General Motors Takes Additional Steps to Fortify Balance Sheet DETROIT, April 27, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- General Motors Co. (NYSE:GM) has extended $3.6 billion under its three-year revolving credit agreement to April 2022, to further strengthen its liquidity position. This complements the extension of the $2 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement to April 2021 that GM and GM Financial renewed earlier this month. In addition, the company has suspended the quarterly cash dividend on its common stock, suspended its share repurchase program and has taken other significant austerity measures to preserve near-term available cash. "We continue to enhance our liquidity to help navigate the uncertainties in the global market created by this pandemic," said GM Chief Financial Officer, Dhivya Suryadevara. "Fortifying our cash position and strengthening our balance sheet will position the company to create value for all our stakeholders through this cycle." GM remains committed to its capital allocation framework, which is focused on reinvesting in the business at pretax returns equal to or greater than 20 percent; maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet; and returning capital to shareholders after the first two objectives have been met. Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains forward-looking statements that represent our current judgment about possible future events. In making these statements we rely on assumptions and analysis based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the circumstances. We believe these judgments are reasonable, but these statements are not guarantees of any events or financial results, and our actual results may differ materially due to a variety of important factors, both positive and negative. A list and description of these factors can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors that affect the subject of these statements, except where we are expressly required to do so by law. General Motors (NYSE:GM) is a global company committed to delivering safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. General Motors, its subsidiaries and its joint venture entities sell vehicles under the Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac, Holden, Baojun and Wuling brands. More information on the company and its subsidiaries, including OnStar, a global leader in vehicle safety and security services, can be found at http://www.gm.com. SOURCE General Motors Co. Related Links http://www.gm.com

Secoo Announces Entering into a Contract with the Prada Group BEIJING, May 28, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Secoo Holding Limited ( Secoo or the Company ) (NASDAQ: SECO) today announced that Secoo has entered into a contract with the Prada Group to offer Prada and Miu Miu products starting from June 2019 following Prada s strategy based on distribution control and brand image protection. About Secoo Holding Limited Secoo Holding Limited ( Secoo ) is Asia s largest online integrated upscale products and services platform as measured by GMV in 2016. Secoo provides customers a wide selection of authentic upscale products and lifestyle services on the Company s integrated online and offline shopping platform which consists of the Secoo.com website, mobile applications and offline experience centers, offering over 400,000 SKUs, covering over 3,800 global and domestic brands. Supported by the Company s proprietary database of upscale products, authentication procedures and brand cooperation, Secoo is able to ensure the authenticity and quality of every product offered on its platform. For more information, please visit ir.secoo.com. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include but are not limited to Secoo management quotes and the Company s financial outlook. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as will, estimate, project, predict, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, potential, plan, goal and similar statements. Secoo Holding Limited may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its periodic reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in its annual report to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: the Company s goals and strategies; its future business development, financial condition and results of operations; its ability to attract and retain new customers and to increase revenues generated from repeat customers; its expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of its products and services; trends and competition in China s e-commerce market; changes in its revenues and certain cost or expense items; the expected growth of the Chinese e-commerce market; Chinese governmental policies relating to the Company s industry and general economic conditions in China. For additional information on these and other important factors that could adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, please see its filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Secoo Holding Limited does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required under applicable law. All information provided in this press release and in the attachments is as of the date of this press release, and Secoo Holding Limited undertakes no duty to update such information, except as required under applicable law. For investor and media inquiries, please contact: In China: Secoo Holding Limited Jingbo Ma Tel: +86 (10) 6588-0135 E-mail: ir@secoo.com The Piacente Group, Inc. Jenny Cai Tel: +86 (10) 5730-6200 E-mail: Secoo@tpg-ir.com In the United States: The Piacente Group, Inc. Brandi Piacente Tel: +1-212-481-2050 E-mail: Secoo@tpg-ir.com

Citi Trends Announces Record Second Quarter 2020 Results Second quarter total sales increased 18.2% to $216 million and comparable sales in reopened stores increased 32.2% exceeding expectations Gross margin increased 390 bps to 41.2% driven by full priced sales Operating margin expanded to 12.2% compared to 0.1% in the prior year period Earnings per share of $1.90 compared to $0.03 in the second quarter of 2019 Strong liquidity with cash and investments at $147 million at the end of the quarter SAVANNAH, Ga.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Citi Trends, Inc. (NASDAQ: CTRN), the leading value retailer of apparel, accessories and home goods primarily for African American families in the United States, today reported results for the second quarter ended August 1, 2020. Financial Highlights 13-week second quarter ended August 1, 2020 Chief Executive Officer Comments David Makuen, Chief Executive Officer, commented, While the operating environment was unlike anything we ve seen, I am very pleased with our team s resiliency and ability to adapt to changing conditions as we continue to prioritize the health and safety of our employees and the communities we serve. To that end, we safely reopened all of our stores by July 18th, with customer response to our reopenings exceeding our prior expectations, including a comparable store sales increase for reopened stores of 32.2% and an impressive total sales gain of 18.2%. Our performance was driven by full-priced selling, resulting in record gross margin, operating income and earnings per share, and is reflective of the loyalty of our customers, the strength of our brand, our on-trend assortment and our value proposition, combined with the federal government stimulus that was present during the entire quarter. I want to reiterate my appreciation for all of our associates in our stores and distribution centers, as well as our home office teams, for their dedication and commitment during these unprecedented times. Makuen continued, The decisive actions we took at the height of the pandemic to bolster our liquidity allowed us to act quickly and opportunistically purchase sought-after goods and establish dozens of new vendor relationships to further enhance our apparel, accessory and home merchandise categories. These actions, coupled with the fact that the majority of our highly appealing merchandise assortment was sold at full price, resulted in strong second quarter cash generation. Our liquidity is strong with $146.7 million in cash and investments at quarter-end. We also exited the second quarter in a very clean inventory position, down 28.4% compared to the prior year. Looking forward, our teams are keenly focused on building upon the success we experienced in the second quarter. Guidance With two and half weeks into the fiscal 2020 third quarter, the Company is navigating through macro changes in the consumer landscape, including unpredictable and non-traditional back-to-school timing and learning methods and the ongoing uncertainties stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, the Company s customer traffic as measured via comparable store transactions in the first two weeks of August has been soft. While it is still very early in the quarter, the Company is encouraged by the stability of its non-back-to-school related businesses and the increase in average basket size relative to the same weeks of the prior year. The Company believes once it is beyond the traditional back-to-school selling season that customer traffic trends will normalize. The Company is estimating a fiscal 2020 third quarter comparable store sales range of negative mid-single digits to flat with continued gross margin expansion building on momentum from the second quarter. This estimate is subject to potential consumer and marketplace volatility due to the COVID-19 pandemic and changes to the consumer landscape described above and therefore may change as the quarter progresses. Due to the uncertainty surrounding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business environment, consumer behavior and the Company s business operations, the Company is not providing any further guidance at this time until the effects of the pandemic can be better assessed. Reiterates Long-Term Strategic Plan As the Company navigates the current times and returns to a version of normal, its vision remains the same Citi Trends aspires to be a leader in the value retailing space, one of few multi-category, off-price retailers focused primarily on the African American market. The Company provides a differentiated assortment of basics, fashion, trends and sought-after brands at amazing prices. The Company s second quarter results demonstrated its ability to significantly improve core operational metrics. Citi Trends is now stronger than ever and is excited to execute on its long-term strategic plan by focusing on the following four core areas: The Company anticipates that as the country normalizes, and assuming no further complications from the COVID-19 pandemic, that it will return to executing on its three-year strategic plan to increase earnings per share at a compounded annual growth rate of 20% to 25%. CitiCARESSM Council Update Operating stores predominantly in Black communities, Citi Trends has a special interest in doing its part to address the indelible racism in our communities across the country and advance the cause of justice and racial equality. The Company has a long-standing commitment to provide a safe and welcoming space for customers and associates where their differences and diversities are respected and celebrated. It prides itself on being a good neighbor. Now more than ever, the Company recognizes that it is time to speak up for our neighbors and stand together with others to support the fight against racism. As previously announced, in June 2020, Citi Trends formed the CitiCARESSM Council made up of a diverse set of individuals that will create and oversee initiatives of change. This council will define how Citi Trends will move forward, together with communities across the country, to contribute to elevating humanity to a place of peace and inclusion so that families of color experience equality wherever they may walk, work, shop and carry out their lives. Most recently, Citi Trends visited with Mayor Jacob Frey of Minneapolis to plan a successful rebuilding of the Company s Lake Street store. We will provide further updates on the activities of the council in the coming months. Investor Conference Call and Webcast Citi Trends will host a conference call today at 9:00 a.m. ET. The number to call for the live interactive teleconference is (212) 231-2902. A replay of the conference call will be available until August 27, 2020, by dialing (402) 977-9140 and entering the passcode, 21967245. The live broadcast of Citi Trends' conference call will be available online at the Company's website, www.cititrends.com, under the Investor Relations section, beginning today at 9:00 a.m. ET. The online replay will follow shortly after the call and will be available for replay for one year. During the conference call, the Company may discuss and answer questions concerning business and financial developments and trends that have occurred after quarter-end. The Company s responses to questions, as well as other matters discussed during the conference call, may contain or constitute information that has not been disclosed previously. About Citi Trends Citi Trends, Inc. is a value-priced retailer of fashion apparel, accessories and home goods for the entire family. The Company operates 579 stores located in 33 states. Citi Trends website address is www.cititrends.com. CTRN-G Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than historical facts contained in this news release, including statements regarding the Company s future financial results and position, business policy and plans, objectives of management for future operations and our intentions and ability to pay dividends and complete any share repurchase authorizations, are forward-looking statements that are subject to material risks and uncertainties. The words "believe," "may," "could," "plans," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend," "expect," upcoming, trend and similar expressions, as they relate to the Company, are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such language. Statements with respect to earnings, sales or new store guidance are forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are subject to the finalization of the Company s quarter-end financial and accounting procedures, are not guarantees of future performance or results and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Actual results or developments may differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors which are discussed in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those set forth under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2020. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, uncertainties relating to economic conditions, the impact of potential global health emergencies such as COVID-19 (coronavirus), including potential negative impacts on the global economy and foreign sourcing, the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities to contain the COVID-19 outbreak or to treat its impact, the impacts of COVID-19 on the Company's financial condition, business operation and liquidity, including the potential closure of any of the Company s retail stores and distribution centers, growth risks, consumer spending patterns, competition within the industry, competition in our markets and the ability to anticipate and respond to fashion trends. Any forward-looking statements by the Company, with respect to guidance, the Company s intention to declare and pay dividends, the repurchase of shares pursuant to a share repurchase program, or otherwise, are intended to speak only as of the date such statements are made. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company does not undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statements in this news release or with respect to matters described herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. $ 216,151 $ 182,830 (127,147 ) (114,612 ) (57,623 ) (62,989 ) (4,933 ) (4,607 ) - (472 ) 26,448 150 14 414 (377 ) (40 ) 26,085 524 (6,218 ) (147 ) $ 19,867 $ 377 $ 1.90 $ 0.03 $ 1.90 $ 0.03 10,451 11,882 10,458 11,882 $ 332,275 $ 387,862 (211,517 ) (242,850 ) (111,699 ) (126,436 ) (9,879 ) (9,221 ) (286 ) (472 ) (1,106 ) 8,883 231 793 (540 ) (78 ) (1,415 ) 9,598 390 (1,433 ) $ (1,025 ) $ 8,165 $ (0.10 ) $ 0.68 $ (0.10 ) $ 0.68 10,447 11,929 10,447 11,944 $ 146,741 $ 27,425 5 37,776 94,545 132,050 17,902 17,719 61,923 54,843 171,711 152,932 - 16,976 7,997 7,927 $ 500,824 $ 447,648 $ 77,679 $ 71,303 28,938 25,327 46,777 41,976 724 1,671 41,600 - 139,877 118,102 1,772 1,869 337,367 260,248 163,457 187,400 $ 500,824 $ 447,648

Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Announces FDA Approval of XERAVA (Eravacycline) for Complicated Intra-Abdominal Infections (cIAI) XERAVA Achieved High Clinical Cure Rates in Clinical Trials in Patients with cIAI Broad Product Label for Treatment of cIAI Commercial Launch Expected in the Fourth Quarter of 2018 Conference Call Scheduled for Today at 4:30 p.m. ET WATERTOWN, Mass., Aug. 27, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTPH), a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing novel antibiotics to treat life-threatening multidrug-resistant (MDR) infections, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted approval of XERAVA (eravacycline) for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI). In clinical trials, XERAVA was well-tolerated and achieved high clinical cure rates in patients with cIAI, demonstrating statistical non-inferiority to two widely used comparators ertapenem and meropenem. XERAVA is indicated for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections in patients 18 years of age and older. To reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of XERAVA and other antibacterial drugs, XERAVA should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. The approval of XERAVA is an extraordinary achievement, one for which we thank the patients who have participated in our clinical studies, study investigators and physicians as well as our dedicated employees, said Guy Macdonald, President and Chief Executive Officer of Tetraphase. We are thrilled to have received FDA approval, and a positive opinion from the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) in Europe all within the same quarter. Each milestone is a significant accomplishment on its own and achieving both underscores the potential for Tetraphase and the medical need for XERAVA. Mr. Macdonald added, We will now turn our efforts towards delivering XERAVA to patients suffering from cIAI in the United States, an important goal we expect to begin executing on in the fourth quarter of this year. We look forward to a successful launch and commercialization moving forward. Complicated intra-abdominal infections are the second-most prevalent infection site in intensive care units (ICUs), as well as the second leading cause of infection-related mortality in ICUs, said Philip S. Barie, MD, MBA, Professor of Surgery and Professor of Public Health in Medicine at Weill Cornell Medicine, and an attending surgeon at New York-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center in New York City. With the growing crisis of antibiotic resistance, treatment options for these polymicrobial infections are limited following surgery or percutaneous drainage, and the causative pathogens may be multi-drug resistant. Current empiric treatments for cIAI have limitations, and there is a need for new and novel treatments. Eravacycline has a broad spectrum of antibacterial activity and a clinical profile that addresses this unmet medical need. Dr. Barie added, Eravacycline also has a favorable safety profile as observed in clinical trials, and no dose adjustment is required when given to patients with renal impairment, which is advantageous for seriously ill patients who may have impaired kidney function. Additionally, the drug may be given safely to patients who are allergic to penicillin. This new and novel treatment may be of great benefit to patients with complicated intra-abdominal infections. Intra-abdominal infection (IAI) is a common problem in clinical practice and comprises a wide variety of disease processes. IAI is classified as uncomplicated or complicated based on the extent of the infection. Complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) extend beyond the source organ into the peritoneal space (the space between the two membranes that separate the organs in the abdominal cavity from the abdominal wall) as a result of perforation or other damage to the gastrointestinal tract. cIAI diagnoses include intra-abdominal abscess, stomach or intestinal perforation, peritonitis, appendicitis, cholecystitis, or diverticulitis. Different bacterial pathogens are responsible for cIAI, including Gram-negative aerobic bacteria, Gram-positive bacteria, and anaerobic bacteria. Early detection, containment and appropriate antimicrobial treatment are essential to the successful treatment of IAI. This is even more critical with increasing rates of infections caused by drug-resistant bacteria, which limit the effectiveness of currently available antibiotics. Today s FDA approval of XERAVA provides a new weapon in the battle against antibiotic resistance and addresses an unmet medical need for patients suffering from multi-drug resistant infections and other serious infections said Rick A. Bright Ph.D., Director of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). We are pleased to have provided support to Tetraphase since 2012, through its collaboration with CUBRC, to develop this new antibiotic treatment. The drug s approval underscores the value of public-private partnerships in addressing global health threats and the challenge of antibiotic resistance. Conference Call Information Tetraphase will host a conference call today at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time to discuss the FDA approval. The call can be accessed by dialing (844) 831-4023 (U.S. and Canada) or (731) 256-5215 (international) and entering conference ID number 2585575. To access the live audio webcast, or the subsequent archived recording, visit the "Investors Relations Events & Presentations" section of the Tetraphase website at www.tphase.com. A replay of the conference call will be available from 7:30 p.m. ET on Monday, August 27, 2018, through 7:30 p.m. ET on Wednesday, September 25, 2018, and may be accessed by visiting Tetraphase s website or by dialing 1-855-859-2056 (U.S. and Canada) and 1-404-537-3406 for (international) callers. The conference ID number is 2585575. Important Safety Information XERAVA is a tetracycline class antibacterial indicated for the treatment of complicated intra abdominal infections in patients 18 years of age and older. XERAVA is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections. To reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of XERAVA and other antibacterial drugs, XERAVA should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. XERAVA is contraindicated for use in patients with known hypersensitivity to eravacycline or to tetracycline-class antibacterial drugs. Life-threatening hypersensitivity (anaphylactic) reactions have been reported with XERAVA. The use of XERAVA during tooth development (last half of pregnancy, infancy and childhood to the age of 8 years) may cause permanent discoloration of the teeth (yellow-gray-brown) and enamel hypoplasia. The use of XERAVA during the second and third trimester of pregnancy, infancy and childhood up to the age of 8 years may cause reversible inhibition of bone growth. Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea (CDAD) has been reported with use of nearly all antibacterial agents and may range in severity from mild diarrhea to fatal colitis. The most common adverse reactions observed in clinical trials (incidence 3%) were infusion site reactions, nausea, and vomiting. XERAVA is structurally similar to tetracycline-class antibacterial drugs and may have similar adverse reactions. Adverse reactions including photosensitivity, pseudotumor cerebri, and anti anabolic action which has led to increased BUN, azotemia, acidosis, hyperphosphatemia, pancreatitis, and abnormal liver function tests, have been reported for other tetracycline-class antibacterial drugs, and may occur with XERAVA. Discontinue XERAVA if any of these adverse reactions are suspected. To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc., at 1-833- 7-XERAVA (1-833-793-7282) or FDA at 1 800 FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch Please see full prescribing information for XERAVA. About XERAVA XERAVA (eravacycline for injection) is a novel, fully-synthetic fluorocycline, FDA-approved antibiotic for the treatment of cIAI. XERAVA has demonstrated potent activity against MDR pathogens. XERAVA was investigated for the treatment of cIAI as part of the Company's IGNITE (Investigating Gram-Negative Infections Treated with Eravacycline) phase 3 programs. In the first pivotal phase 3 trial in patients with cIAI, twice-daily intravenous (IV) eravacycline met the primary endpoint by demonstrating statistical non-inferiority of clinical response compared to ertapenem and was well-tolerated. In the second phase 3 clinical trial in patients with cIAI, twice-daily IV eravacycline met the primary endpoint by demonstrating statistical non-inferiority of clinical response compared to meropenem and was well-tolerated. In both trials, XERAVA achieved high cure rates in patients with Gram-negative pathogens, including resistant isolates. About Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Tetraphase is a biopharmaceutical company using its proprietary chemistry technology to create novel antibiotics for serious and life-threatening bacterial infections, including those caused by many of the MDR bacteria highlighted as urgent public health threats by the WHO and CDC. The Company has created more than 3,000 novel tetracycline compounds using its proprietary technology platform. Tetraphase's lead product, XERAVA (eravacycline) is FDA-approved for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI), has received a positive opinion from the CHMP for cIAI, and is under consideration for potential marketing approval by the European Commission for cIAI. The company s pipeline also includes TP-271 and TP-6076, which are in phase 1 clinical trials. Please visit www.tphase.com for more company information. Forward-Looking Statements Any statements in this press release about our future expectations, plans and prospects, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations, prospects, plans and objectives, and other statements containing the words "anticipates," "believes," "expects," "plans," "will" and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including whether eravacycline will be successfully distributed and marketed and other regulatory and commercial risk factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2018. In addition, the forward-looking statements included in this press release represent our views as of August 27, 2018. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. Media and Investor Contact: Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Jennifer Viera 617-600-7040 jviera@tphase.com Photos accompanying this announcement are available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/884ace45-ca16-4c91-bf39-405e22749910 http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/87bf622c-b3ea-4b09-a93b-57687e404464 http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/c431b926-19b6-4dff-a3a9-995bba39e3fd

Menlo Therapeutics Announces Positive Results from Phase 2 Trial of FCD105 for the Treatment of Moderate-to-Severe Acne Vulgaris The Company plans to present trial data along with a proposed Phase 3 development program in an End of Phase 2 meeting with the FDA before the end of this year BRIDGEWATER, N.J., June 02, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Menlo Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: MNLO) ( Menlo or the Company ), a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing proprietary therapies to address unmet needs in dermatology, today announced positive results from a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating the preliminary safety and efficacy of FCD105 (3% minocycline / 0.3% adapalene foam), the first ever topical minocycline-based combination product, for the treatment of moderate-to-severe acne vulgaris. Study FX2016-40 enrolled 447 patients in the United States who were randomized to either FCD105 foam, 3% minocycline foam, 0.3% adapalene foam, or vehicle foam. The Company has begun preparations to conduct an End of Phase 2 meeting with the FDA before the end of this year. FCD105 showed a highly statistically significant improvement compared to vehicle for the endpoints of (1) Investigator s Global Assessment (IGA) treatment success (IGA score 0 or 1 and at least a two-grade improvement from baseline) and (2) absolute change from baseline in mean inflammatory counts at Week 12. The proportion of patients achieving IGA treatment success in the FCD105 treatment group was 35.9% compared to 15.7% of patients in the vehicle treatment group (p=0.0003). Absolute reduction in inflammatory lesion counts at Week 12 was -19.4 (-64.1%) for the FCD105 treatment group compared to -15.58 (-50.9%) for the vehicle treatment group (p=0.0020). The trial was not originally powered to demonstrate a statistical difference between FCD105 and either 3% minocycline foam or 0.3% adapalene foam treatments; however, the majority of these comparisons did show a statistically significant improvement of FCD105 at Week 12. Numerical improvement was observed for FCD105 on all efficacy endpoints for these comparisons at Week 12. Absolute reduction in non-inflammatory lesion counts at Week 12 was also assessed with a mean lesion count reduction of -24.94 (-51.0%) for the FCD105 treatment group compared to -22.87 (-45.9%) for the vehicle treatment group. Although numerical improvement was shown, this was not statistically significant, which has been attributed to outlier results affecting both FCD105 and vehicle treatment groups. Conversely, absolute reduction in non-inflammatory lesion counts at Week 12 for FCD105 did show a statistically significant improvement compared to each of (1) 3% minocycline foam and (2) 0.3% adapalene foam. The most commonly reported treatment-emergent adverse event in the trial was upper respiratory tract infection (4.9% in the vehicle treatment group) with dry skin being the most commonly reported cutaneous adverse event (3.6% in the 0.3% adapalene treatment group). The majority of adverse events were assessed as mild in severity. There were no serious adverse events. FCD105 was comparably tolerated to vehicle in all local skin tolerability assessments with 93% or greater of severity scores being assessed as none or mild for burning/stinging, itching, dryness, scaling, erythema and hyperpigmentation. We are pleased with the results of this study. The data suggests FCD105 has the potential to be a best-in-class treatment for patients with acne and could provide an important new treatment option for this challenging condition, said Dr. Iain Stuart, Chief Scientific Officer of Menlo. We look forward to engaging with the FDA on these data and our plans for the Phase 3 program. About Study FX2016-40 Study FX2016-40 is a prospective, randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled Phase 2 trial that enrolled patients aged 12 years and older with a clinical diagnosis of moderate-to-severe acne vulgaris. Patients were randomized to one of four treatment arms: FCD105 foam, 3% minocycline foam, 0.3% adapalene foam, or vehicle foam and self-applied their assigned treatment once daily for 12 weeks. The primary efficacy endpoints were: (1) the proportion of patients achieving treatment success at Week 12 based on an Investigator's Global Assessment (success is defined as a score of 0 "clear" or 1 "minimal" and at least a two-grade improvement from baseline), (2) the mean change from baseline in inflammatory lesion counts in each treatment group at Week 12, and (3) the mean change from baseline in non-inflammatory lesion counts in each treatment group at Week 12. Safety evaluations include reported adverse events, local skin tolerability assessments, physical examinations and vital signs. About Acne Vulgaris Acne is a chronic, inflammatory skin condition that affects the skin's oil glands and hair follicles. It is characterized by both inflammatory lesions (papules and pustules) and non-inflammatory lesions (open and closed comedones) affecting primarily the face and other areas of the body. Acne affects approximately 40 to 50 million people in the U.S. alone, of whom approximately 10 million have moderate-to-severe disease that significantly impacts self-esteem and quality of life. For most people, acne diminishes over time and tends to disappear or decrease, by age 25. However, some individuals, particularly women, can experience acne much later in life. About FCD105 FCD105 is Menlo s proprietary 3% minocycline, 0.3% adapalene combination foam formulation intended for the treatment of moderate-to-severe acne vulgaris. FCD105 combines the bacteriostatic and anti-inflammatory properties of minocycline with the third-generation retinoid, adapalene, which acts in regulating the differentiation of follicular epithelial cells. Oral minocycline and topical adapalene products are approved for use in the treatment of acne vulgaris in the United States, with the latter available in combination and as monotherapy. Pending a successful development program, the FCD105 new drug application is intended to be filed under the FDA s 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. About Menlo Menlo Therapeutics Inc. recently combined with Foamix Pharmaceuticals Ltd. to form a different type of biopharmaceutical company working to solve some of today s most difficult therapeutic challenges in dermatology and beyond. With expertise in topical medicine innovation as a springboard, the Company is working to develop and commercialize a variety of solutions using its proprietary Molecule Stabilizing Technology (MST ), and has received FDA approval for AMZEEQ (minocycline) topical foam, 4%, the world s first topical minocycline, and now also for ZILXI (minocycline) topical foam, 1.5%, the first minocycline product of any kind to be approved by the FDA for use in rosacea. For more information about Menlo or its investigational products, visit www.menlotherapeutics.com. Menlo may use its website to comply with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Therefore, investors should monitor Menlo s website in addition to following its press releases, filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, public conference calls, and webcasts. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements regarding expectations with respect to the financial results of Menlo and statements regarding the development and commercialization of Menlo s products and product candidates and other statements regarding the future expectations, plans and prospects of Menlo. All statements in this press release which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements are based on Menlo s current knowledge and its present beliefs and expectations regarding possible future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business operations; adverse events associated with the commercialization of our products; the outcome and cost of clinical trials for current and future product candidates; determination by the FDA that results from Menlo s clinical trials are not sufficient to support registration or marketing approval of product candidates; the outcome of pricing, coverage and reimbursement negotiations with third party payors for AMZEEQ, ZILXI or any other products or product candidates that Menlo may commercialize in the future; whether, and to what extent, third party payors impose additional requirements before approving AMZEEQ or ZILXI prescription reimbursement; the eligible patient base and commercial potential of AMZEEQ, ZILXI or any of Menlo s other product or product candidates; risks that Menlo s intellectual property rights, such as patents, may fail to provide adequate protection, may be challenged and one or more claims may be revoked or interpreted narrowly or will not be infringed; risks that any of Menlo s patents may be held to be narrowed, invalid or unenforceable or one or more of Menlo s patent applications may not be granted and potential competitors may also seek to design around Menlo s granted patents or patent applications; additional competition in the acne and dermatology markets; risks related to our indebtedness; inability to raise additional capital on favorable terms or at all; Menlo s ability to recruit and retain key employees; and Menlo s ability to stay in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. For a discussion of other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause Menlo s actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section titled Risk Factors in Menlo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in Menlo s subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Although Menlo believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they speak only as of the date of this announcement and Menlo undertakes no obligation to update publicly such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as otherwise required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Media Relations: Bridgette Potratz Zeno Group 312-755-5462, x5516 bridgette.potratz@zenogroup.com Investor Relations: Joyce Allaire LifeSci Advisors, LLC 646-889-1200 jallaire@lifesciadvisors.com

Wyndham Destinations Declares Cash Dividend ORLANDO, Fla., May 14, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Wyndham Destinations, Inc. (NYSE: WYND) announced today its Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.50 per share on its common stock, payable June 30, 2020 to shareholders of record as of June 15, 2020. About Wyndham DestinationsWyndham Destinations, Inc. (NYSE:WYND) believes in putting the world on vacation. As the world's largest vacation ownership and exchange company, Wyndham Destinations offers everyday travelers the opportunity to own or exchange their vacation experience while enjoying the quality, flexibility and value that Wyndham delivers. The Company's global presence in approximately 110 countries means more vacation choices for its more than four million members and owner families, with 230 resorts which offer a contemporary take on the timeshare model - including vacation club brands Club Wyndham , WorldMark by Wyndham, and Margaritaville Vacation Club by Wyndham - and 4,200+ affiliated resorts through RCI, the world's leader in vacation exchange. Year after year, a worldwide team of nearly 22,000 associates delivers exceptional vacation experiences to families around the globe as they make memories to last a lifetime. At Wyndham Destinations, our world is your destination. Learn more at WyndhamDestinations.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, conveying management's expectations as to the future based on plans, estimates and projections at the time the Company makes the statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release include statements related to the Company's dividends. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and our related contingency plans and cost and investment reductions on our business, vacation ownership interest sales and tour flow and liquidity, general economic conditions, the performance of the financial and credit markets, the competition in and the economic environment for the timeshare industry, the impact of war, terrorist activity, political strife, severe weather events and other natural disasters, pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic) or threats of pandemics, operating risks associated with the vacation ownership and vacation exchange businesses, the timing and amount of future dividends and share repurchases, as well as those described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2020, and subsequently filed periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise. Web Resources: Wyndham DestinationsWyndham Destinations Investor RelationsTwitter: @WynDestinations LinkedIn: @WyndhamDestinations SOURCE Wyndham Destinations Related Links http://www.wyndhamdestinations.com

PDL BioPharma Declares Dividend of Evofem Biosciences Common Stock to PDL Stockholders INCLINE VILLAGE, Nev., May 5, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- PDL BioPharma, Inc. ("PDL" or "the Company") (Nasdaq: PDLI) announces that the Company's Board of Directors has approved a distribution of all of the Company's 13,333,334 shares of common stock of Evofem Biosciences, Inc. ("Evofem") (Nasdaq: EVFM) via a special one-time dividend to PDL stockholders. "In consultation with our financial advisors, we have concluded that a stock distribution is the most effective way to maximize the transfer of value to our shareholders from our ownership in Evofem," said Dominique Monnet, president and CEO of PDL. "We explored a number of alternatives, including the sale of our Evofem shares via a private sale or a secondary offering, and believe that in the current environment a stock distribution is in the best interest of our shareholders. This distribution will enable PDL shareholders to make their own investment decisions regarding the Evofem shares they receive through this distribution. This dividend represents the first tangible transfer of asset value directly to our shareholders under our Plan of Liquidation." Subject to certain conditions, the Evofem shares will be distributed on May 21, 2020 (the "distribution date") to PDL shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 15, 2020 (the "record date"). The distribution will take place in the form of a pro rata common stock dividend of shares of Evofem to each PDL stockholder of record on the record date. As of May 5, 2020, PDL had 116,346,762 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding. Based on this number, PDL estimates that PDL stockholders will receive approximately 0.115 shares of Evofem common stock for each share of PDL common stock held as of the close of business on the record date. The final distribution ratio will be determined based on the number of PDL common shares outstanding on the record date. None of the distributed Evofem shares will be subject to any lockup period for PDL stockholders. Evofem's lead product candidate, Phexxi (L-lactic acid, citric acid, potassium bitartrate) Vaginal Gel 1.8%/1%/0.4%, is currently under review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the prevention of pregnancy and has been assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) goal date of May 25, 2020. Evofem has announced it is in discussions with the FDA regarding the proposed label for Phexxi . Evofem has also announced its intent to issue financial results for the first quarter of 2020 and to provide a business update on May 6, 2020. Details for this conference call are available at https://evofem.investorroom.com/events. No fractional shares of Evofem common stock will be distributed. Instead, PDL stockholders will receive cash in lieu of any fraction of a share of Evofem common stock that they otherwise would have received. PDL stockholders should consult their tax advisors with respect to U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of the distribution. The Company intends to continue to pursue potential paths to monetize its Evofem warrants to purchase up to 3,333,334 shares of Evofem common stock. Further Information Regarding the Distribution No vote or action is required by PDL stockholders in order to receive the distribution of shares of Evofem common stock. The distribution is subject to certain customary conditions, which conditions PDL expects to be satisfied on or prior to the distribution date. The Evofem common stock provided in the distribution will be in book-entry form. PDL stockholders who hold their shares through brokers or other nominees will have their shares of Evofem common stock credited to their accounts by their nominees or brokers. PDL stockholders will not be required to pay cash or other consideration for the shares of Evofem common stock to be distributed to them, or surrender or exchange their shares of PDL common stock to receive the distribution. PDL plans to send an information statement regarding this distribution to its stockholders of record following the record date. Conference Call and Webcast PDL will hold a conference call to discuss financial results and provide a business update during the upcoming quarterly earnings update on May 7, 2020. Details for the conference call will be available in the Investor Relations section of https://www.pdl.com/. To access the live and subsequently archived webcast of the conference call, go to the Investor Relations section of https://www.pdl.com/ and select "Events & Presentations." About PDL BioPharma, Inc. Throughout its history, PDL's mission has been to improve the lives of patients by aiding in the successful development of innovative therapeutics and healthcare technologies. PDL BioPharma was founded in 1986 as Protein Design Labs, Inc. when it pioneered the humanization of monoclonal antibodies, enabling the discovery of a new generation of targeted treatments that have had a profound impact on patients living with different cancers as well as a variety of other debilitating diseases. In 2006, the Company changed its name to PDL BioPharma, Inc. As of December 2019, PDL ceased making additional strategic transactions and investments and is pursuing a formal process to unlock the value of its portfolio by monetizing its assets and ultimately distributing net proceeds to stockholders in the form of cash or equity. For more information please visit https://www.pdl.com/ NOTE: PDL, PDL BioPharma, the PDL logo and associated logos and the PDL BioPharma logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of, and are proprietary to, PDL BioPharma, Inc. which reserves all rights therein. About Evofem Biosciences, Inc. Evofem Biosciences, Inc., (NASDAQ: EVFM) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to developing and commercializing innovative products to address unmet needs in women's sexual and reproductive health. Evofem Biosciences aims to advance the lives of women by developing innovative solutions, such as woman-controlled contraception and potential protection from certain sexually transmitted infections (STIs). The Company's lead product candidate, Phexxi , is currently being reviewed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for prevention of pregnancy. The investigational candidate EVO100 is being evaluated for prevention of urogenital transmission of both Chlamydia trachomatis infection (chlamydia) and Neisseria gonorrhoeae infection (gonorrhea) in women. For more information regarding Evofem, please visit www.evofem.com. Phexxi and Multipurpose Vaginal pH Regulator (MVP-R ) are trademarks of Evofem Biosciences, Inc. Forward-looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including as it relates to the Company's proposed Evofem stock distribution and plan of liquidation. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those, express or implied, in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could impair the value of the Company's assets and business, including the implementation or success of the Company's monetization strategy/plan of complete liquidation, are disclosed in the risk factors contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on March 11, 2020, and subsequent filings. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement except as required by law. SOURCE PDL BioPharma, Inc. Related Links http://www.pdl.com

U.S. Energy Corp. Announces 1-for-10 Reverse Stock Split HOUSTON, Jan. 03, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- U.S. Energy Corp. (NASDAQCM: USEG) ( We U.S. Energy or the Company ) announced today that, following approval of the 1-for-10 reverse stock split by U.S. Energy shareholders at the 2019 Annual Shareholders Meeting held on December 10, 2019, U.S. Energy s Board of Directors determined to effect the reverse stock split of U.S. Energy s common stock. The applicable Articles of Amendment to the Company s Restated Articles of Incorporation were filed with and accepted by the Wyoming Secretary of State on December 31, 2019. U.S. Energy common stock will begin trading on a split-adjusted basis when markets open on January 6, 2020. U.S. Energy common stock will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market Exchange under the symbol USEG, although a new CUSIP number (911805307) has been assigned to it as a result of the reverse stock split. No fractional shares have been issued in connection with the reverse stock split. Stockholders otherwise entitled to receive fractional share(s) as a result of the reverse stock split will receive cash payments in lieu of such shares. Additional information about the reverse stock split can be found in U.S. Energy s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), available free of charge at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov, or at U.S. Energy s website, www.usnrg.com . About U.S. Energy Corp. We are an independent energy company focused on the lease acquisition and development of oil and gas producing properties in the continental United States. Our business is currently focused in the Williston Basin of North Dakota and South Texas. We target low decline assets with existing infrastructure that allows us to maximize our return on capital in a cost effective and sustainable manner. More information about U.S. Energy Corp. can be found at www.usnrg.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical facts included herein may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this document may include statements regarding the Company s expectations regarding the Company s operational, exploration and development plans; expectations regarding the nature and amount of the Company s reserves; and expectations regarding production, revenues, cash flows and recoveries. When used in this press release, the words "will," "potential," "believe," "estimate," "intend," "expect," "may," "should," "anticipate," "could," "plan," "predict," "project," "profile," "model," or their negatives, other similar expressions or the statements that include those words, are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. Such statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those implied or expressed by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices, uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of oil and natural gas reserves and projecting future rates of production and timing of development activities, competition, operating risks, acquisition risks, liquidity and capital requirements, the effects of governmental regulation, adverse changes in the market for the Company s oil and natural gas production, dependence upon third-party vendors, and other risks detailed in the Company s periodic report filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Corporate Contact: U.S. Energy Corp. Ryan Smith Chief Executive Officer (303) 993-3200 www.usnrg.com

Weather Catastrophes Drive Majority of $225 Billion Economic Cost of Natural Perils in 2018 Aon Catastrophe Report Global insured losses led by major tropical cyclone and wildfire events TORONTO, Jan. 22, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aon plc (NYSE:AON), a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions, today launches its Weather, Climate & Catastrophe Insight: 2018 Annual Report. This evaluates the impact of global natural disaster events to identify trends, manage volatility and enhance resilience. The report reveals that 394 natural catastrophe events in 2018 generated economic losses of USD225 billion. Of that total, private sector and government-sponsored insurance programs covered USD90 billion of the total the fourth-highest year on record. This means the protection gap, which is the portion of economic losses not covered by insurance, was 60 percent and at its lowest level since 2005. The biggest driver of catastrophes in 2018 was the tropical cyclone peril following several significant landfalling storms. This included Hurricane Michael and Hurricane Florence (United States), Typhoon Jebi and Typhoon Trami (Japan), Typhoon Mangkhut (Philippines, Hong Kong, China), and Typhoon Rumbia (China). As a result, 2017 and 2018 resulted in the costliest back-to-back years on record for both economic losses (USD653 billion) solely due to weather-related events, and for insured losses across all perils (USD237 billion). Andy Marcell, CEO of Aon s Reinsurance Solutions business, commented: 2018 was another active year for global natural disasters. While there was not a singular mega catastrophe event, there were 42 billion-dollar events which aggregated to a slightly above-average year. The re/insurance industry continues to withstand the payouts backed up with USD595 billion of capital but focus on managing the cost of changing climate and weather events by helping to close the protection gap. Additional major events during the year included a series of major wildfires in Northern and Southern California. The costliest insured loss event of 2018 was the Camp Fire at USD12 billion, which also became California s deadliest and most destructive fire on record. In Canada David Sloan, President & Chief Executive Officer, of Aon s Reinsurance Solutions business in Canada, commented: For the second year running, Canada suffered a frequency of mid-sized losses which could cost close to CAD2billion (USD1.5billion) with only a relatively small proportion being reinsured. The costliest was a powerful May series of windstorms that swept from southwest Ontario through the city of Toronto and across Eastern Ontario into Quebec. The total claims payouts topped CAD600 million (USD475 million). Steve Bowen, Director and Meteorologist at Aon s Impact Forecasting team, commented: Among the takeaways from the events of 2018 was the recognition that catastrophe risk continues to evolve. The complex combination of socioeconomics, shifts in population and exposure into vulnerable locations, plus a changing climate contributing to more volatile weather patterns, is forcing new conversations to sufficiently handle the need for mitigation and resilience measures. Natural disasters are always going to occur. How well we prepare can and will play a key role in future event losses. Other significant regional events during the year included: October s Camp Fire in the US destroyed 18,804 structures, including most of the city of Paradise. Total economic costs were estimated to approach USD15 billion. This is the second year in a row that California set a new record for wildfire losses. In Japan, torrential rains during the month of July led to catastrophic flooding across much of the country with total damage nearing USD10 billion. A multi-billion-dollar flood occurred in India s state of Kerala during the seasonal summer monsoon months. Much of Northern and Central Europe endured prolonged summer drought conditions as aggregate costs, mostly to agriculture, which tallied to near USD9 billion. Multi-billion-dollar drought events also impacted the United States, Argentina, China, and India. A significant stretch of severe weather and flooding impacted Italy and elsewhere in Southern Europe during October and November, as the economic toll topped USD5 billion. Reaching USD2.1 billion of insured losses, Windstorm Friederike was the fifth-costliest European windstorm of the 21st century. Read the full Weather, Climate & Catastrophe Insight: 2018 Annual Report Watch meteorologist and report author Steve Bowen s short film on the key findings of the study. Access current and historical natural catastrophe data, plus event analysis, on Impact Forecasting s Catastrophe Insight website About Aon Aon plc (NYSE:AON) is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance. For further information please contact: Alexandre Daudelin (1 514 982-4910) In Canada, follow Aon on Twitter Notes to editors Top 10 Global Economic Loss Events 1 Subject to change as loss estimates are further developed 2 Includes losses sustained by private insurers and government-sponsored programs

Grifols Announces FDA Approval of Xembify , 20% Subcutaneous Immunoglobulin for Primary Immunodeficiencies Xembify is Grifols' first 20% subcutaneous immunoglobulin for the treatment of primary immunodeficiencies Grifols is a frontrunner in disease treatment with immunoglobulins, and this approval will enable the company to further expand its portfolio of plasma derived medicines to benefit of patients and healthcare professionals Xembify represents a significant R+D+i milestone for Grifols and an important step forward in its long term sustainable growth strategy The company plans to launch Xembify in the United States in the last quarter of the year and is working to obtain additional approvals in Canada, Europe and other global markets BARCELONA, Spain, July 4, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Grifols (MCE:GRF) (MCE:GRF.P) (NASDAQ: GRFS), a leading global producer of plasma-derived medicines, announced today that Xembify , its new 20% subcutaneous immunoglobulin, has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Xembify is used to treat primary immunodeficiencies. The FDA approval marks the culmination of an important R+D+i initiative for Grifols, as well as an opportunity to enhance the Bioscience Division's product portfolio. Grifols is currently a market leader in the production and marketing of immunoglobulins, with 30.3%[1] market share (grams) in the United States. Thus, this approval reinforces Grifols' commitment to patients in the United States, allocating an increasing part of its production to supply the needs of this market. According to Joel Abelson, President of Commercial Bioscience Division, "This approval reinforces Grifols' longstanding commitment to patients and healthcare professionals by expanding our product portfolio to better serve individuals with primary immunodeficiencies. We are pleased to offer patients living with this challenging chronic disease another important treatment option." The company plans to launch Xembify in the United States in the last quarter of 2019 and is working with healthcare authorities to obtain approval in Canada, Europe and other markets. Immunoglobulins are mainly used to treat primary and secondary immunodeficiencies, as well as rare neurological conditions, such as chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP). Immunoglobulin use continues to grow in major markets. From 2015-2017, immunoglobulin volumes have experience annual growth rates of about 10% for primary and secondary immunodeficiencies and CIDP[2]. Committed to long-term growth: R+D+i and capital investments FDA approval of Xembify reflects Grifols' steadfast commitment to R+D+i and innovation, which have enabled the company to continue developing new formulations and indications that enhance its portfolio of products. Recent highlights include the 2018 FDA approval of a new intramuscular immunoglobulin (GamaSTAN ) that provides immediate protection against hepatitis A and measles, and a new anti-rabies immunoglobulin (HyperRAB ) to treat patients exposed to the rabies virus. Grifols intends to allocate EUR 1,400 million toward capital investments over the 2018-2022 period in order to meet the growing demand for plasma-derived medicines and reinforce its long-term growth plan. Especially noteworthy is the current construction of the world's first purification and sterile filling plant of immunoglobulins in flexible packaging, located on Grifols' industrial complex in Clayton (North Carolina, USA). The plant will require a EUR 140 million investment and is expected to be operational by 2022. About Xembify Indications and usage XEMBIFY (immune globulin subcutaneous, human- klhw) is a 20% immune globulin solution for subcutaneous injection indicated for treatment of Primary Humoral Immunodeficiency (PI) in patients 2 years of age and older. This includes, but is not limited to, congenital agammaglobulinemia, common variable immunodeficiency, X-linked agammaglobulinemia, Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome, and severe combined immunodeficiencies. Important Safety Information Thrombosis may occur with immune globulin products, including XEMBIFY. Risk factors may include: advanced age, prolonged immobilization, hypercoagulable conditions, history of venous or arterial thrombosis, use of estrogens, indwelling vascular catheters, hyperviscosity, and cardiovascular risk factors. Thrombosis may occur in the absence of known risk factors. For patients at risk of thrombosis, administer XEMBIFY at the minimum dose and infusion rate practicable. Ensure adequate hydration in patients before administration. Monitor for signs and symptoms of thrombosis and assess blood viscosity in patients at risk for hyperviscosity. Warnings and precautions Hypersensitivity and anaphylactic reactions may occur. IgA deficient patients with antibodies against IgA are at greater risk of developing severe hypersensitivity or anaphylactic reactions. Aseptic Meningitis Syndrome (AMS) may occur within two days of treatment. Monitor for renal function in patients at risk for renal failure. Hemolysis can develop. Risk factors include high doses and non-O blood group. Closely monitor for hemolysis and hemolytic anemia. Monitor patients for pulmonary adverse reactions (transfusion-related acute lung injury [TRALI]). XEMBIFY is made from human plasma and may carry a risk of transmitting infectious agents, e.g., viruses, the variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (vCJD) agent and, theoretically, the Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) agent. Passive transfer of antibodies may confound serologic testing. Contraindications Anaphylactic or severe systemic reactions to human immunoglobulin or inactive ingredients of XEMBIFY such as polysorbate 80. IgA deficient patients with antibodies against IgA and a history of hypersensitivity Adverse reactions The most common adverse reactions in 5% of subjects in the clinical trial were local adverse reactions including infusion site erythema (redness), infusion site pain, infusion site swelling (puffiness), infusion site bruising, infusion site nodule, infusion site pruritus (itching), infusion site induration (firmness), infusion site scab, infusion site edema, and systemic reactions including cough and diarrhea. To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Grifols Therapeutics at 1-800-520-2807 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch. About Grifols Grifols is a global healthcare company founded in Barcelona in 1909 committed to improving the health and well-being of people around the world. Its four divisions Bioscience, Diagnostic, Hospital and Bio Supplies develop, produce and market innovative solutions and services that are sold in more than 100 countries. Pioneers in the field of the plasma science, Grifols operates a growing network of donation centers worldwide. It transforms collected plasma into essential medicines to treat rare, chronic and, at times, life-threatening conditions. As a recognized leader in transfusion medicine, Grifols also offers a comprehensive portfolio of solutions designed to enhance safety from donation to transfusion. In addition, the company supplies tools, information and services that enable hospitals, pharmacies and healthcare professionals to efficiently deliver expert medical care. Grifols, with more than 22,000 employees in 30 countries, is committed to a sustainable business model that sets the standard for continuous innovation, quality, safety and ethical leadership. The company's class A shares are listed on the Spanish Stock Exchange, where they are part of the Ibex-35 (MCE:GRF). Grifols non-voting class B shares are listed on the Mercado Continuo (MCE:GRF.P) and on the U.S. NASDAQ through ADRs (NASDAQ:GRFS). For more information, please visit www.grifols.com LEGAL DISCLAIMER The facts and figures contained in this report that do not refer to historical data are "future projections and assumptions". Words and expressions such as "believe", "hope", "anticipate", "predict", "expect", "intend", "should", "will seek to achieve", "it is estimated", "future" and similar expressions, in so far as they relate to the Grifols group, are used to identify future projections and assumptions. These expressions reflect the assumptions, hypotheses, expectations and predictions of the management team at the time of writing this report, and these are subject to a number of factors that mean that the actual results may be materially different. The future results of the Grifols group could be affected by events relating to its own activities, such as a shortage of supplies of raw materials for the manufacture of its products, the appearance of competitor products on the market, or changes to the regulatory framework of the markets in which it operates, among others. At the date of compiling this report, the Grifols group has adopted the necessary measures to mitigate the potential impact of these events. Grifols, S.A. does not accept any obligation to publicly report, revise or update future projections or assumptions to adapt them to events or circumstances subsequent to the date of writing this report, except where expressly required by the applicable legislation. This document does not constitute an offer or invitation to buy or subscribe shares in accordance with the provisions of the following Spanish legislation: Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 October, approving recast text of Securities Market Law; Royal Decree Law 5/2005, of 11 March and/or Royal Decree 1310/2005, of 4 November, and any regulations developing this legislation. In addition, this document does not constitute an offer of purchase, sale or exchange, or a request for an offer of purchase, sale or exchange of securities, or a request for any vote or approval in any other jurisdiction. The information included in this document has not been verified nor reviewed by the external auditors of the Grifols group. [1] Source: Grifols Global Plasma Database, Provisional Data 2018. [2] Source: Data on File; US, Canada, Spain, Germany, France, Italy Investor contact: Investor Relations [email protected] - [email protected] Phone number: +34 93 571 02 21 Media contact:Brad PickGrifols Corporate Communications [email protected] SOURCE Grifols Related Links http://www.grifols.com/

MAXIMUS Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire U.S. Federal Citizen Engagement Centers for $400 Million in Cash Acquisition Strengthens the Company's Position in the Administration of U.S. Federal Government Programs RESTON, Va., Oct. 9, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- MAXIMUS (NYSE: MMS), a leading provider of government services worldwide, announced today that it has signed a definitive asset purchase agreement to acquire certain assets of General Dynamics Information Technology's large-scale, citizen-engagement centers in the U.S. Federal civilian market. The acquisition is expected to strengthen MAXIMUS position in the administration of federal government programs across the United States. The $400 million all cash transaction is expected to close in mid-November and is subject to customary closing conditions. This acquisition is a natural fit for MAXIMUS and expands its reach in the delivery of citizen services. The acquisition enables greater economies of scale and brings enhanced technology and added operational capabilities that will benefit the entire MAXIMUS portfolio. "As a leader in business process management and the delivery of citizen services, MAXIMUS is strengthening its position with some of the largest mission-critical federal civilian programs," said Bruce L. Caswell, President and Chief Executive Officer of MAXIMUS. "This deal aligns with our MAXIMUS digital modernization strategy and we remain keenly focused on improving the citizen experience for critical government programs while driving long-term innovation to meet evolving program demands." The associated assets included in the asset purchase agreement had revenue of approximately $670 million for the twelve months ended June 2018. This revenue is primarily tied to cost reimbursable contracts and accordingly, operating margins typically average in the mid-single digit range. MAXIMUS expects that the transaction will close in mid-November, subject to customary closing conditions. MAXIMUS currently anticipates that the assets associated with this transaction will generate approximately 10.5 months of revenue for its fiscal year 2019 in the range of $575 million to $600 million. The transaction is expected to be accretive by $0.10 to $0.15 of diluted earnings per share in fiscal year 2019 after consideration of one-time expenses, interest, non-cash charges, and cost synergies. MAXIMUS will provide formal guidance for fiscal 2019 on November 20, 2018, concurrent with reporting its results for its fourth fiscal quarter and year-ended September 30, 2018. About MAXIMUSSince 1975, MAXIMUS has operated under its founding mission of Helping Government Serve the People , enabling citizens around the globe to successfully engage with their governments at all levels and across a variety of health and human services programs. MAXIMUS delivers innovative business process management and technology solutions that contribute to improved outcomes for citizens and higher levels of productivity, accuracy, accountability and efficiency of government-sponsored programs. With more than 20,000 employees worldwide, MAXIMUS is a proud partner to government agencies in the United States, Australia, Canada, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and the United Kingdom. For more information, visit maximus.com. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the Company's confidence and strategies and the Company's expectations about revenues, results of operations, profitability, future contracts, market opportunities, market demand or acceptance of the Company's products are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These uncertainties could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements and include reliance on government clients; risks associated with government contracting; risks involved in managing government projects; legislative changes and political developments; opposition from government unions; challenges resulting from growth; adverse publicity; and legal, economic, and other risks detailed in Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's most recent Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, found on maximus.com. CONTACTS: Media: Blake Travis: 619.884.4228 [email protected] Investors: Matt Burns: 703.251.8530[email protected] SOURCE MAXIMUS Related Links http://maximus.com

Saia Declares Three-for-Two Stock Split JOHNS CREEK, GA--(Marketwired - May 16, 2013) - Saia, Inc. ( NASDAQ : SAIA ) today announced that its Board of Directors has approved a three-for-two stock split, which will be effected June 13, 2013, for shareholders of record as of the close of business on the record date of May 31, 2013. Shareholders will be issued a certificate representing one additional share of common stock for every two shares of common stock held on the record date by the Company's transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, NA. In lieu of fractional shares, shareholders will receive a cash payment based on the closing price of the common stock on the record date. Upon completion of the split, the Company will have approximately 24,948,000 shares outstanding. Richard D. O'Dell, Saia President and Chief Executive Officer, commented, "We are pleased to announce a three-for-two stock split which we believe will improve market liquidity and trading volume of our common stock while broadening our investor base."

Applied DNA Executes New Two-Year Contract with the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency Continues Support of On Site SigNature DNA Program at Land and Maritime Since December 2014 STONY BROOK N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Applied DNA Sciences Inc., (NASDAQ:APDN, Applied DNA, ), the leader in large-scale PCR-based DNA manufacturing, announced today the signing of a new contract to continue uninterrupted service of the Company s DNA marking program at the Defense Logistics Agency s (DLA) Land and Maritime s Product Test Center (PTC) in Columbus, Ohio. The firm fixed price, indefinite delivery contract (IDC) was awarded on September 6th and spans a two-year period of performance. In addition, the contract allows for a one-year option period to be exercised at the discretion of DLA. The contract outlines the Company s provision of supplies and services, including creation of unique DNA marks in various inks, QC authentication testing and training. These services and supplies directly support DLA s counterfeit prevention initiatives, product verification and testing programs specific to FSC 5962 microcircuits in place at the Agency. We appreciate the DLA s continuing support of our taggant technology platform in extending this contract for the marking of system-critical microcircuits, stated Janice Meraglia, Vice President of Government and Military Programs at Applied DNA. It is our honor to be part of DLA s Warfighter First mission that is dedicated to supporting the men and women that protect our country. About Applied DNA Sciences Applied DNA is a provider of molecular technologies that enable supply chain security, anti-counterfeiting and anti-theft technology, product genotyping and DNA mass production for diagnostics and therapeutics. Applied DNA makes life real and safe by providing innovative, molecular-based technology solutions and services that can help protect products, brands, entire supply chains, and intellectual property of companies, governments and consumers from theft, counterfeiting, fraud and diversion. The proprietary DNA-molecular based CertainT platform can be used to identify, tag, test, and track products, to help assure authenticity, origin, traceability, sustainability and quality of products. SigNature DNA describes the core technology ingredient that is at the heart of a family of uncopyable, security and authentication solutions such as SigNature T and fiberTyping , targeted toward textiles and apparel, BackTrac and DNAnet , for anti-theft and loss prevention, and digitalDNA , providing powerful track-and-trace. All provide a forensic chain of evidence, and can be used to prosecute perpetrators. Applied DNA Sciences is also engaged in the large-scale production of specific DNA sequences using the polymerase chain reaction. Visit adnas.com for more information. Follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn. Join our mailing list. Common stock listed on NASDAQ under the symbol APDN, and warrants are listed under the symbol APDNW. Forward Looking Statements The statements made by Applied DNA in this press release may be "forward-looking" in nature within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements describe Applied DNA s future plans, projections, strategies and expectations, and are based on assumptions and involve a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Applied DNA. Actual results could differ materially from those projected due to our history of losses, limited financial resources, limited market acceptance, shifting enforcement priorities of US federal laws relating to cannabis, and various other factors detailed from time to time in Applied DNA's SEC reports and filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 28, 2017and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed on February 8, 2018, May 3, 2018 and August 13, 2018, which are available at www.sec.gov. APDN undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect new information, events or circumstances after the date hereof to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, unless otherwise required by law.

Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Announces Latest Development in Cayman Islands Proceedings HONG KONG, Aug. 31, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. (NASDAQ: SKYS) ( Sky Solar or the Company ), a global developer, owner and operator of solar parks, today announced that it was informed on August 28, 2020 that a winding up petition (the Petition ) had been purportedly filed with the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands against the Company by Hudson Capital Solar Infrastructure GP, LP, in its capacity as general partner of Hudson Solar Cayman LP ( Hudson ). The Company has not yet been served with the Petition, and it considers that the Petition is procedurally defective, did not comply with the applicable practice direction and is an abuse of process. The alleged debt upon which it is based is disputed and is the subject of ongoing litigation in the Supreme Court of the State of New York (the New York Court ) with respect to the Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement dated July 15, 2016 (the Note Purchase Agreement ) between Hudson and certain of the Company s subsidiaries. The Company is vigorously contesting Hudson s claims in the New York Court, and the Company and certain of its subsidiaries filed a complaint in the New York Court against Hudson on August 13, 2020 seeking a declaratory judgement with respect to certain purported events of default under the Note Purchase Agreement that the Company believes were improperly alleged by Hudson. The Company is not insolvent and the Petition will be vigorously defended. About Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Sky Solar is a global independent power producer ( IPP ) that develops, owns, and operates solar parks and generates revenue primarily by selling electricity. Since its inception, Sky Solar has focused on the downstream solar market and has developed projects in Asia, Europe, South America and North America. The Company s broad geographic reach and established presence across key solar markets are significant differentiators that provide global opportunities and mitigate country-specific risks. Sky Solar aims to establish operations in select geographies with highly attractive solar radiation, regulatory environments, power pricing, land availability, financial access and overall power market trends. As a result of its focus on the downstream photovoltaic segment, Sky Solar is technology agnostic and is able to customize its solar parks based on local environmental and regulatory requirements. As of December 31, 2019, the Company owned and operated 115.1 MW of solar parks. Safe-Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as will, expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, estimates and similar statements. Among other things, the quotations from management in this press release and the Company s operations and business outlook contain forward-looking statements. Such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to the following: the reduction, modification or elimination of government subsidies and economic incentives; global and local risks related to economic, regulatory, social and political uncertainties; resources the Company may need to familiarize itself with the regulatory regimes, business practices, governmental requirements and industry conditions as the Company enters into new markets; the Company s ability to successfully implement its on-going strategic review to unlock shareholder value; global liquidity and the availability of additional funding options; the delay between making significant upfront investments in the Company s solar parks and receiving revenue; expansion of the Company s business in the United States and Japan; resolution of disputes; risk associated with the Company s limited operating history, especially with large-scale IPP solar parks; risk associated with development or acquisition of additional attractive IPP solar parks to grow the Company s project portfolio; and competition. Further information regarding these and other risks is included in Sky Solar s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 20-F. Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For investor and media inquiries, please contact: Sky Solar: IR@skysolarholdings.com Sky Solar Investor Relations: The Blueshirt Group United States Ralph Fong +1 (415) 489-2195 ralph@blueshirtgroup.com China Gary Dvorchak, CFA +86 (138) 1079-1480

Swiss Water Reports Strong 2019 Fourth Quarter and Annual Results Company Suspends Dividend in Preparation to Build Second Production Line in Delta, BC VANCOUVER, British Columbia, March 19, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- A conference call to discuss Swiss Water s recent financial results will be held tomorrow, March 20th 2020 at 9:00 am Pacific Time (12:00 pm Eastern Time). To access the conference call, please dial (844) 602-0380 (toll free) or (862) 298-0970 (international). A replay will be available through April 03, 2020 at (919) 882-2331 (toll free) or (877) 481-4010 (international) passcode: 33625. Swiss Water Decaffeinated Coffee Inc. (TSX SWP) ( Swiss Water or the company ) today reported strong financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2019. With annual processing volumes up by 16%, and gross profit up 11% year-over-year, the company s strong growth trajectory continued unabated in 2019. Swiss Water is a premium green coffee decaffeinator that employs the proprietary SWISS WATER Process to decaffeinate green coffee without the use of chemicals. Through 2019, the company continued to increase its market share and win new business, as more and more industry participants, and coffee consumers move away from chemical decaffeination in favor of chemical free processes. At the same time, growing demand from existing customers is fueling robust organic growth. Anticipating the need to add more production capacity sooner than previously expected, Swiss Water s Board of Directors has suspended dividend payments in order to help fund the construction of a second production line in Delta, BC. We are pleased to report that the strong growth in volumes we have achieved for the past three years continued through the fourth quarter enabling us to deliver record growth for 2019 , said Frank Dennis, Swiss Water s President and CEO. Despite the immediate challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, we are confident that demand for our proprietary SWISS WATER Process decaffeinated coffees will continue to grow at double-digit rates well into the future adding to the longer-term pressure on our production infrastructure. The build-out of our new state-of-the-art production facility in Delta, BC is nearly completed and commissioning of the new production line is underway, and going according to plan. We should be in a position to begin shipping commercially from the new plant in the second quarter of this year. In other developments, the sale of our legacy production site in Burnaby, BC to a new owner on February 14th of this year, means that expansion of our new Delta facility is likely to become necessary sooner than we had previously anticipated. While our lease on the Burnaby property, which expires in June 2023, provides for an additional five-year extension (to 2028), this is at the sole discretion of the landlord. Under the terms of the lease, the owner has until June 2021 to inform us of their intentions just two years before we have to vacate should an extension not be granted. In assessing the impact of this change of ownership, we have concluded that the potential risk it poses to our ability to continue operations at the Burnaby site beyond 2023 is unacceptable. Accordingly, in order to provide the capacity we will need to meet future demand for our coffees, we are moving forward immediately with preparations to build a second production line in Delta with the goal of completing it before the lease in Burnaby expires. This development has prompted our Board of Directors to make the decision to suspend dividend payments to our shareholders. We believe that, by redeploying the funds we have previously paid out in dividends to help us build a second line in Delta, BC, we will be able to create superior value over the longer term, said Dennis. As to the COVID-19 outbreak, we are closely monitoring its potential impact on our operations and implementing the appropriate risk management procedures. The situation is dynamic and changing day-to-day. So far, the operational impact has been restricted to inflationary pressure on outbound freight rates to Asia. This is being driven by a fall in shipping traffic across the Pacific Ocean and a resulting reduction in container availability for our exports to this region. Looking forward, we may well experience disruptions to business operations and possibly delays in the commissioning of our Delta facility. For example, if a significant number of our employees or commissioning contractors, or employees of our customers or suppliers, are quarantined and unable to work there may be significant disruptions and delays in our ongoing business or in the start-up procedures at Delta. We will continue to closely monitor the situation and work to mitigate its effects, Dennis added. Below is a summary of Swiss Water s operational and financial results. Operational highlights The following table shows year-over-year changes in volumes shipped during the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2019. 3 months ended December 31, 2019 Year ended December 31, 2019 Change in total volumes shipped +18 % +16 % By customer type Roasters - % +10 % Importers +61 % +32 % Specialty +7 % +8 % Commercial +25 % +22 % Financial highlights In $000s except per share amounts 3 months ended December 31, Year ended December 31, (unaudited) 2019 2018 2019 2018 Sales $ 25,023 $ 22,979 $ 97,230 $ 89,939 Gross Profit 4,106 3,686 16,494 14,921 Operating income 539 1,618 5,162 5,631 Net income 716 919 2,944 4,531 EBITDA1 1,454 2,050 10,350 7,745 EBITDA excluding the impact of IFRS 16-Leases2 797 2,050 7,344 7,745 Net income basic3 $ 0.08 $ 0.10 $ 0.32 $ 0.50 Net income diluted3 $ 0.08 $ 0.03 $ 0.32 $ 0.35 1 EBITDA is defined in the Non-IFRS Measures section of the MD&A and is a Non-GAAP Financial Measure as defined by CSA Staff Notice 52-306. 2 EBITDA excluding the impact of IFRS 16 - Leases is defined as EBITDA, less lease payments made during the year. 3 Per-share calculations are based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the periods. Fourth quarter revenue increased by 9% to $25 million, and revenue for the year improved by 8% to $97.2 million, compared to the same periods in 2018. The increases were due to growth in processing volumes, accompanied by a higher average US dollar ( US$ ) exchange rate, as well as increases in green coffee sales volumes, offset by a lower coffee futures price ( NY C ). Gross profit for Q4 was $4.1 million. This represents a $0.4 million increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. The company s 2019 Q4 gross profit was positively impacted by increased overall process volumes and a higher proportion of regular volumes in its sales mix, as well as improved supply chain efficiencies, and ongoing efforts to control operating costs. These enhancements were partially diluted by the impact of higher labour costs. Full-year 2019 gross profit increased to $16.5 million from $14.9 million in 2018. The improvement in gross profit was achieved despite the need to absorb much higher than expected energy costs. This was due to a temporary spike in the price for natural gas resulting from a pipeline explosion in October 2018 that significantly reduced the supply of gas in British Columbia during Q1 2019. Swiss Water continues to actively pursue margin maintenance and improvement measures across its operations following a period during which it had to absorb a number of inflationary cost increases. The company is also seeking variable and fixed cost reduction opportunities while vigorously maintaining product quality. Operating expenses increased by 73% to $3.6 million in the fourth quarter, and grew by 22% to $11.3 million for the full year when compared to the same periods in 2018. It s noteworthy that In Q4 2018, Swiss Water received a one-time payment in relation to the Canadian Scientific Research and Experimental Development (SRED) programme. The absence of a similar benefit in Q4 2019 was a material driver of operating expense inflation compared to Q4 2018. In addition, higher occupancy expenses were recorded in Q4 2019 as the company began to utilize the office space in its new production facility in Delta, British Columbia. On an annualized basis inflationary pressure on operating expenses was driven by a series of one-off expenses. These included: a restructure of the company s sales and marketing function; increased investment in capacity enhancement, and research and development projects. Higher professional fees; and moving costs in relation to the consolidation of warehousing activities by its Seaforth Supply Chain Solutions subsidiary also contributed to the increase. Operating income decreased by $1.1 million, or 67%, to $0.5 million in the fourth quarter and was down by $0.5 million, or 8%, to $5.1 million for the year, when compared to the same periods in 2018. Fourth quarter net income was $0.7 million compared to $0.9 million in Q4 2018. Full-year net income was $2.9 million, compared to $4.5 million in 2018. The improved gross profit achieved in 2019 was offset by increases in both operating and non-operating expenses. The increased non-operating expenses were driven by a loss on risk management activities and the revaluation of an embedded derivative. In addition, higher finance expenses were booked following the adoption of IFRS 16 - Leases. EBITDA decreased by $0.6 million, or 29%, to $1.5 million in the fourth quarter and increased by $2.6 million, or 34%, to $10.4 million for the full year, when compared to the same periods in 2018. The increase in EBITDA was largely due to the adoption of new accounting standards related to leases, IFRS 16 Leases. Compared to 2018, EBITDA, excluding the impact of IFRS 16, decreased by $1.3 million, or 61%, to $0.8 million in Q4, and decreased by $0.4 million, or 5%, to $7.3 million for the full year. Operationally, the change in EBITDA was driven by strong growth in processing volumes, ongoing efforts across the company to enhance cost recovery and an increased financial contribution from Seaforth. These gains were offset by a series of one-time expenses. These were specifically related to relocation activities, a temporary increase in natural gas costs, investment in sales team initiatives, increased research and development activity and a lower refund from a research and development incentive programme. During Q4 2019 the Company entered into an asset-based credit facility with a Canadian bank. The available balance of the credit facility is based on the lower of the Borrowing Base margins of eligible assets, and $30.0 million. This credit facility replaced two former credit facilities and can be drawn on to fund operational and capital initiatives. Construction of Swiss Water s new decaffeination facility, located in Delta, BC, is nearing completion. The initial new production line is currently undergoing commissioning and commercial shipments of decaffeinated coffee from the new plant are expected to begin in Q2 2020. Quarterly Dividends Subsequent to the end of the fourth quarter, on January 15, 2020, the company paid an eligible dividend in the amount of $0.6 million ($0.0625 per share) to shareholders of record on December 31, 2020. Subsequent events On February 14, 2020, the ownership of the company s leased facility in Burnaby, BC changed. The terms of the lease agreement on this property remain unchanged. On February 24, 2020, a total of 17,570 of the outstanding RSUs vested and were converted to common shares, pursuant to the 2011 Restricted Share Unit Plan as amended on June 18, 2019. On March 18, 2020, Swiss Water s Board of Directors decided to suspend future dividends in preparation to build a second production line in Delta, BC. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared a global pandemic known as COVID-19*. The impacts on global commerce are expected to be far reaching. For Swiss Water, the pandemic may impact demand for the Company s products and services in the near term and may disrupt its supply chains. It may also impact expected credit losses on amounts due from customers and whether Swiss Water continues to meet the criteria for hedge accounting. For example, if a hedged forecast transaction is no longer highly probable to occur, hedge accounting is discontinued. *Under IAS 10, Events after the reporting period, events such as this are considered to be non-adjusting subsequent events. The impacts to the Company are not determinable at the date of these financial statements, however, they could be material and include impairments of receivables, inventory and liquidity. Company Profile Swiss Water Decaffeinated Coffee Inc. is a leading specialty coffee company and a premium green coffee decaffeinator which employs the proprietary SWISS WATER Process to decaffeinate green coffee without the use of chemicals. It also owns Seaforth Supply Chain Solutions, a green coffee handling and storage business. Both businesses are located in the cities of Burnaby and Delta, British Columbia. Additional Information A more detailed discussion of Swiss Water Decaffeinated Coffee Inc. s recent financial results is provided in the company s Management Discussion and Analysis filed on SEDAR ( www.sedar.com ) and on the company s website ( https://investor.swisswater.com/). For more information, please contact: Iain Carswell, Chief Financial Officer Swiss Water Decaffeinated Coffee Inc. Phone: 604.420.4050 Email: investor-relations@swisswater.com Website: investor.swisswater.com Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. When used in this press release, such statements may include such words as may , will , expect , believe , plan and other similar terminology. These statements reflect management s current expectations regarding future events and operating performance, as well as management s current estimates, but which are based on numerous assumptions and may prove to be incorrect. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, risks related to processing volumes and sales growth, operating results, supply of utilities, supply of coffee, general industry conditions, commodity price risks, COVID-19, technology, competition, foreign exchange rates, construction timing, costs and financing of capital projects, and general economic conditions. The forward-looking statements and financial outlook information contained herein are made as of the date of this press release and are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Except to the extent required by applicable securities law, Swiss Water Decaffeinated Coffee Inc. undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in management s expectations or in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statements may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those described herein.

Tech Data Announces $200 Million Share Repurchase Program CLEARWATER, Fla., Oct. 2, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Tech Data (NASDAQ: TECD) (the "Company") today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $200 million of the company's common stock. "The Board's authorization of a $200 million share repurchase program reflects our continued confidence in Tech Data's growth opportunities and our commitment to enhancing shareholder value," said Rich Hume, chief executive officer. "Our strong balance sheet and cash flows enable us to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases, while maintaining the ability to invest in strategic opportunities that will drive long-term profitable growth." The company's share repurchases will be made on the open market, through block trades, through 10b5-1 plans or otherwise. The amount of shares purchased and the timing of the purchases will be based on working capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors, including alternative investment opportunities. The company intends to hold the repurchased shares in treasury for general corporate purposes. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this communication may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, including statements regarding Tech Data's plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, Tech Data's financial results and estimates and/or business prospects, involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which Tech Data operates and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as "expects," "anticipates," "targets," "goals," "projects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of Tech Data's future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. For additional information with respect to risks and other factors which could occur, see Tech Data's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2018, including Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" therein, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other securities filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") that are available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and other securities regulators. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Many of these factors are beyond Tech Data's control. Unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws, Tech Data disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Tech Data undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect actual results or changes in Tech Data's expectations. About Tech Data Tech Data connects the world with the power of technology. Our end-to-end portfolio of products, services and solutions, highly specialized skills, and expertise in next-generation technologies enable channel partners to bring to market the products and solutions the world needs to connect, grow and advance. Tech Data is ranked No. 83 on the Fortune 500 and has been named one of Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies for nine straight years. To find out more, visit www.techdata.com or follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook. Contacts: Charles V. Dannewitz, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer727-532-8028 ([email protected]) Arleen Qui ones, Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications727-532-8866 ([email protected]) SOURCE Tech Data Corporation Related Links http://www.techdata.com

United States Lime & Minerals Announces Extension Of Repurchase Program DALLAS, Nov. 19, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- United States Lime & Minerals, Inc. (NASDAQ: USLM) (the "Company") today announced that its Board of Directors has extended the Company's previously announced repurchase program for up to $10,000,000 of its common stock for another 12 months. The remaining amount available under the program is $7,151,226 for the repurchase of common stock from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase program may be modified, extended, suspended or discontinued at any time without notice. * * * United States Lime & Minerals, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed public company with headquarters in Dallas, Texas, is a manufacturer of lime and limestone products, supplying primarily the construction (including highway, road and building contractors), industrial (including paper and glass manufacturers), environmental (including municipal sanitation and water treatment facilities and flue gas treatment processes), metals (including steel producers), oil and gas services, roof shingle and agriculture (including poultry and cattle feed producers) industries. The Company operates lime and limestone plants and distribution facilities in Arkansas, Colorado, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Texas through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Arkansas Lime Company, Colorado Lime Company, Texas Lime Company, U.S. Lime Company, U.S. Lime Company Shreveport, U.S. Lime Company St. Clair and U.S. Lime Company Transportation. In addition, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, U.S. Lime Company O & G, LLC, has royalty and non-operating working interests pursuant to an oil and gas lease and a drillsite agreement on its Johnson County, Texas property, located in the Barnett Shale Formation. Any statements contained in this news release that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, and investors are cautioned that such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations, including without limitation those risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. SOURCE United States Lime & Minerals, Inc. Related Links http://www.uslm.com

United Therapeutics Announces FDA Approval Of The Implantable System For Remodulin SILVER SPRING, Md. and RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C., July 31, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- United Therapeutics Corporation (NASDAQ: UTHR) today announced approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of a New Drug Application (NDA) for the use of Remodulin (treprostinil) Injection in the Implantable System for Remodulin (ISR). The ISR has been developed under a collaboration with Medtronic (NYSE: MDT). In December 2017, Medtronic received FDA approval of a premarket application (PMA) for a proprietary intravascular infusion catheter to be used with its SynchroMed II implantable infusion pump and related infusion system components (together referred to as the Implantable System for Remodulin) in order to deliver Remodulin for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). "We are extremely excited to offer this new option to patients suffering from PAH," said Martine Rothblatt, Ph.D., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of United Therapeutics. "During the course of the DelIVery study, we received considerable physician and patient interest in the ISR. We are grateful to our collaborators at Medtronic for reaching this milestone and look forward to continuing our collaboration." Remodulin was originally approved by the FDA to treat PAH by continuous subcutaneous and intravenous routes of administration in 2002 and 2004, respectively, using external pumps. In the case of intravenous users, the therapy can be very burdensome and brings a risk of sepsis due to the use of a central indwelling catheter. The ISR provides patients a new option for delivery of intravenous Remodulin, where the entire delivery system is implanted into the body and will be refilled by healthcare professionals at intervals of up to 16 weeks depending on the patient's dose, using a syringe needle through the patient's skin. "External infusion pumps have been used to deliver prostacyclins for PAH, but managing the therapy places a significant burden on patients, interferes with their daily activities, and runs a high risk of infections," said David Steinhaus, M.D., general manager of the Heart Failure business, part of the Cardiac and Vascular Group at Medtronic. "This fully implantable drug delivery system was designed to address these serious patient care concerns." United Therapeutics funded and Medtronic conducted the DelIVery for PAH clinical trial, which was a safety study of a new implantable catheter designed for intravascular drug (Remodulin) delivery with the SynchroMed II implantable infusion pump. In 2013, the study met its primary objective of demonstrating a rate of catheter-related complications below 2.5 per 1,000 patient-days while using the fully implantable system (p < 0.0001). About Remodulin (treprostinil) Injection Indication Remodulin is a prostacyclin vasodilator indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH, WHO Group 1) to diminish symptoms associated with exercise. Studies establishing effectiveness included patients with NYHA Functional Class II-IV symptoms and etiologies of idiopathic or heritable PAH (58%), PAH associated with congenital systemic-to-pulmonary shunts (23%), or PAH associated with connective tissue diseases (19%). In patients with PAH requiring transition from epoprostenol, Remodulin is indicated to diminish the rate of clinical deterioration. Consider the risks and benefits of each drug prior to transition. Important Safety Information for Remodulin Warnings and Precautions Chronic intravenous (IV) infusions of Remodulin delivered with an external infusion pump using an indwelling central venous catheter are associated with the risk of blood stream infections (BSI) and sepsis, which may be fatal. Therefore, continuous subcutaneous (SC) infusion is the preferred mode of administration. Avoid abrupt withdrawal or sudden large reductions in dosage of Remodulin, which may result in worsening of PAH symptoms. Titrate slowly in patients with hepatic or renal insufficiency because such patients will likely be exposed to greater systemic concentrations relative to patients with normal hepatic or renal function. Remodulin is a potent pulmonary and systemic vasodilator. In patients with low systemic arterial pressure, treatment with Remodulin may produce symptomatic hypotension Remodulin inhibits platelet aggregation and increases the risk of bleeding. Adverse Reactions Adverse Reactions: In clinical studies of SC Remodulin infusion, the most common adverse events reported were infusion site pain and infusion site reaction (redness and swelling). These symptoms were often severe and sometimes required treatment with narcotics or discontinuation of Remodulin. The IV infusion of Remodulin with an external infusion pump has been associated with a risk of blood stream infections, arm swelling, paresthesias, hematoma, and pain. Other common adverse events ( 3% more than placebo) seen with either SC or IV Remodulin were headache (27% vs. 23%), diarrhea (25% vs. 16%), nausea (22% vs. 18%), jaw pain (13% vs. 5%), vasodilatation (11% vs. 5%), edema (9% vs. 3%), and hypotension (4% vs. 2%). Drug Interactions Remodulin dosage adjustment may be necessary if inhibitors or inducers of CYP2C8 are added or withdrawn. Specific Populations In patients with mild or moderate hepatic insufficiency, decrease the initial dose of Remodulin to 0.625 ng/kg/min ideal body weight. Remodulin has not been studied in patients with severe hepatic insufficiency. Safety and effectiveness of Remodulin in pediatric patients have not been established. It is unknown if geriatric patients respond differently than younger patients. Caution should be used when selecting a dose for geriatric patients. There are no adequate and well-controlled studies with Remodulin in pregnant women. It is not known whether treprostinil is excreted in human milk. Please see accompanying Full Prescribing Information for Remodulin. For additional information, visit http://www.remodulin.com or call the Customer Service Line at 1-877-UNITHER (1-877-864-8437). About United Therapeutics United Therapeutics Corporation is a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative products to address the unmet medical needs of patients with chronic and life-threatening conditions. [uthr-g] About Medtronic Medtronic plc (www.medtronic.com), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is among the world's largest medical technology, services and solutions companies alleviating pain, restoring health and extending life for millions of people around the world. Medtronic employs more than 86,000 people worldwide, serving physicians, hospitals and patients in more than 150 countries. The company is focused on collaborating with stakeholders around the world to take healthcare Further, Together. Forward-looking Statements Statements included in this press release that are not historical in nature are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, among others, statements regarding the use of Implantable System for Remodulin. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, such as those described in our periodic and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. Such forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements, cautionary language and risk factors set forth in our periodic reports and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. We claim the protection of the safe harbor contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements. We are providing this information as of July 31, 2018, and assume no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this press release whether as a result of new information, future events or any other reason. REMODULIN is a registered trademark of United Therapeutics Corporation. SYNCHROMED is a registered trademark of Medtronic, Inc. SOURCE United Therapeutics Corporation Related Links http://www.unither.com

Brooge Energy LTD Subsidiary, Brooge Petroleum and Gas Investment Company FZE, Contemplating New Senior Secured Bond Issue NEW YORK, Aug. 10, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Brooge Energy Limited ( Brooge Energy or the Company ) (NASDAQ: BROG), a midstream oil storage and service provider strategically located outside the Strait of Hormuz, adjacent to the Port of Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ), announced today its wholly-owned subsidiary, Brooge Petroleum and Gas Investment Company FZE ( BPGIC ), is pursuing the issuance of a new 5-year senior secured bond of up to US$200 million (with potential follow-on issuances of up to US$125 million for a maximum aggregate amount of US$325 million) in the Nordic bond market. The Company has retained Pareto Securities as Sole Manager to assist with the transaction. The net proceeds from the new bond issue are expected to be used to repay existing debt and to fund remaining capital expenditures for Phase II, amongst other initiatives. If completed, this transaction would enable the Company to have a single consolidated debt facility for both Phase I and II that the Company believes is more reflective of its valuation of the assets and growth profile. There is no assurance that the offering will be completed or, if completed, as to the terms on which it is completed. The bonds will be offered only to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ) and, outside the United States, only to non-U.S. investors pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The bonds will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and will not be offered or sold in the United States absent an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state or other jurisdictions securities laws. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the bonds or any other securities, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of the bonds or any other securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. About Brooge Energy Limited Brooge Energy, formerly known as Brooge Holdings, conducts all of its business and operations through its wholly-owned subsidiary Brooge Petroleum and Gas Investment Company FZE ( BPGIC ), a Fujairah Free Zone Entity. BPGIC is a midstream oil storage and service provider strategically located outside the Strait of Hormuz adjacent to the Port of Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates. BPGIC s oil storage business differentiates itself from competitors by providing its customers with fast order processing times, excellent customer service and high accuracy blending services with low oil losses. For more information please visit www.broogeholdings.com . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties concerning BPGIC s and Brooge Energy s expected financial performance, as well as their strategic and operational plans. The actual results may differ materially from expectations, estimates and projections due to a number of risks and uncertainties and, consequently, you should not rely on these forward looking statements as predictions of future events. Words such as expect, estimate, project, budget, forecast, anticipate, intend, plan, may, will, would, could, should, believes, predicts, potential, continue, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: (1) BPGIC s ability to consummate the bond offering on commercially reasonable terms; (2) the ultimate geographic spread, duration and severity of the coronavirus outbreak and the effectiveness of actions taken, or actions that may be taken, by governmental authorities to contain the outbreak or ameliorate its effects; (3) BPGIC s ability to obtain financing for Phase III on commercially reasonable terms; (4) BPGIC s ability to negotiate and enter into development and offtake agreements on commercially reasonable terms; (5) the results of technical and design feasibility studies, including the Phase III FEED study; (6) the loss of any end-users; (7) changes in customer demand with respect to ancillary services provided by BPGIC including throughput, blending, heating, and intertank transfers; (8) BPGIC s ability to effectively manage the risks and expenses associated with the construction of Phase II, Phase III and other growth and expansion projects; and (9) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in filings with or submissions to the SEC by Brooge Energy. Readers are referred to the most recent reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by Brooge Energy. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Investor Contact KCSA Strategic Communications Valter Pinto / Elizabeth Barker +1 212-896-1254 or +1 212-896-1203 BROG@kcsa.com

DHT Holdings, Inc.: Announces conversion of all of its outstanding 4.5% Convertible Senior Notes due 2021 HAMILTON, BERMUDA, August 21, 2020 DHT Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:DHT) (the Company ) announces that, since the date of the previously announced delivery of the notice of redemption, holders of $124,999,000 aggregate principal amount of the Company s outstanding 4.5% Convertible Senior Notes due 2021 (CUSIP No. 23335SAD8) (the Securities ), representing all of the outstanding Securities, have exercised their right to convert their Securities into shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock ), at a conversion price of $5.3470 per share (representing a conversion rate of approximately 187.0208 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Securities), as a result of which the Company is issuing 23,377,397 shares of Common Stock, increasing the aggregate shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding from 147,420,931 to 170,798,328. About DHT Holdings, Inc. DHT is an independent crude oil tanker company. Our fleet trades internationally and consists of crude oil tankers in the VLCC segment. We operate through our integrated management companies in Monaco, Singapore and Oslo, Norway. You shall recognize us by our business approach with an experienced organization with focus on first rate operations and customer service, quality ships built at quality shipyards, prudent capital structure to accommodate staying power through the business cycles, a combination of market exposure and fixed income contracts for our fleet, a counter cyclical philosophy with respect to investments, employment of our fleet and capital allocation and a transparent corporate structure maintaining a high level of integrity and good governance. For further information: www.dhtankers.com. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains certain forward-looking statements and information relating to the Company that are based on beliefs of the Company s management as well as assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions and beliefs about future events. When used in this document, words such as believe, intend, anticipate, estimate, project, forecast, plan, potential, will, may, should and expect and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. These statements reflect DHT s current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These statements reflect the Company s current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements represent the Company s estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this press release and are not intended to give any assurance as to future results. For a detailed discussion of the risk factors that might cause future results to differ, please refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 20-F, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2020. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this press release might not occur, and the Company s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. CONTACT: Laila C. Halvorsen, CFO Phone: +1 441 295 1422 and +47 984 39 935 E-mail: lch@dhtankers.com Wilhelm Flinder, Manager Investor Relations & Business Analysis Phone: +1 441 295 1422 and +47 936 11 350 E-mail: wf@dhtankers.com

Allergan Announces FDA Acceptance of Supplemental New Drug Application For VRAYLAR (cariprazine) Application Seeks to Expand VRAYLAR Indication to Include the Treatment of Bipolar Depression DUBLIN, Sept. 26, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), a leading global pharmaceutical company, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for review the company's supplemental New Drug Application (sNDA) for VRAYLAR (cariprazine), seeking to expand the indication to include the treatment of depressive episodes associated with bipolar I disorder (bipolar depression) in adults in the current product label. The sNDA is supported by data from three pivotal trials, including RGH-MD-53, RGH-MD-54 and RGH-MD-56. In all three pivotal studies, cariprazine demonstrated greater improvement than placebo for the change from baseline to week 6 on the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating scale (MADRS) total score. Both cariprazine 1.5 mg and 3 mg demonstrated superiority to placebo in reducing depressive symptoms associated with bipolar I depression. "Despite decades of development, bipolar depression remains difficult to treat. Importantly, bipolar I patients will need treatment for the full spectrum of of their disorder," said Gary Sachs, MD, Associate Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School. "If approved for bipolar depression, cariprazine would be the first and only partial agonist with proven efficacy for both the manic and depressive symptoms of bipolar I disorder. That is very encouraging news for patients, their families, and the psychiatry community." Cariprazine was generally well tolerated in the trials. The most commonly reported adverse events (i.e., those reported by 5% of patients in any cariprazine treatment group and at twice the rate of placebo) were nausea, akathisia, restlessness and upper respiratory tract infection. Adverse events led to discontinuation in 6.7% of cariprazine-treated patients versus 4.8% of placebo treated patients. "This sNDA filing provides an important step towards the availability of a potential treatment option for the approximately 5 million patients suffering with bipolar I depression. These positive pivotal studies, demonstrated the efficacy and safety of VRAYLAR for the treatment of bipolar depression," said David Nicholson, Chief Research & Development Officer at Allergan. " "VRAYLAR is the flagship product of our Psychiatry portfolio and demonstrates Allergan's commitment to the mental health community." Cariprazine was approved by the FDA in September 2015 and is marketed as VRAYLAR in the US for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults and acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder in adults. About Cariprazine Trials in Bipolar I Depression The efficacy and safety of cariprazine in bipolar depression was evaluated in a total of four, 6- and 8-week randomized, placebo-controlled studies. One exploratory study phase 2 study RGH-MD-52 in bipolar I & II patients, and 3 pivotal studies (RGH-MD-56, 53 & 54) in bipolar I patients. RGH MD 52 was a Phase 2, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, flexible-dose study comparing cariprazine to placebo in outpatients with a primary diagnosis of bipolar I or II disorder who were experiencing a major depressive episode. The study randomized 233 patients with bipolar I and bipolar II disorder to 1 of 3 dose groups for 8 weeks of double blind treatment: cariprazine 0.25 mg to 0.75 mg; cariprazine 1.5 mg to 3 mg; or placebo. RGH-MD-56 was a Phase 2b, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group clinical trial in adult patients with bipolar I depression. A total of 584 patients were randomized to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of cariprazine 0.75 mg, 1.5 mg and 3 mg compared to placebo in the treatment of outpatients with bipolar I depression. Patients underwent a no-drug screening period of approximately 7-14 days, followed by 8 weeks of double-blind treatment (primary endpoint was 6-weeks) and a 1-week, no investigational product safety follow-up period. RGH-MD-53 and RGH-MD-54 were identical Phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicenter, fixed-dose clinical trials in adult patients with bipolar I depression. Patients were randomized in both studies aiming to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of cariprazine 1.5 mg and 3 mg compared to placebo in outpatients with bipolar I depression. Patients underwent a no-drug screening period of approximately 7-14 days, followed by 6 weeks of double-blind treatment and a 1-week, no investigational product safety follow-up period. About VRAYLAR (cariprazine) VRAYLAR is an oral, once daily atypical antipsychotic approved for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults, with a recommended dose range of 1.5 to 6 mg/day and for the acute treatment of adult patients with manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder, with a recommended dose range of 3 to 6 mg/day. While the mechanism of action of VRAYLAR in schizophrenia and bipolar I disorder is unknown, the efficacy of VRAYLAR could be mediated through a combination of partial agonist activity at central dopamine D and serotonin 5-HT1A receptors and antagonist activity at serotonin 5-HT2A receptors. Pharmacodynamic studies with cariprazine have shown that it acts as a partial agonist with high binding affinity at dopamine D3, dopamine D2, and serotonin 5-HT1A receptors. Cariprazine demonstrated up to ~8-fold greater in vitro affinity for dopamine D3 vs D2 receptors. Cariprazine also acts as an antagonist at serotonin 5-HT2B and 5-HT2A receptors with high and moderate binding affinity, respectively as well as it binds to the histamine H1 receptors. Cariprazine shows lower binding affinity to the serotonin 5-HT2C and 1A- adrenergic receptors and has no appreciable affinity for cholinergic muscarinic receptors. The clinical significance of these in vitro data is unknown. VRAYLAR was discovered and co-developed by Gedeon Richter Plc and is licensed by Allergan, in the U.S. and Canada. For more than a decade both companies have conducted over 20 clinical trials enrolling thousands of patients worldwide to evaluate the efficacy and safety of cariprazine for patients suffering from a broad range of mental health illnesses. Visit www.vraylar.com for more information. INDICATION AND USAGE VRAYLAR (cariprazine) is indicated in adults for the treatment of schizophrenia and for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes of bipolar I disorder. WARNING: INCREASED MORTALITY IN ELDERLY PATIENTS WITH DEMENTIA-RELATED PSYCHOSIS Elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis treated with antipsychotic drugs are at an increased risk of death. VRAYLAR is not approved for treatment of patients with dementia-related psychosis. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Contraindication: VRAYLAR is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity. Reactions have included rash, pruritus, urticaria, and events suggestive of angioedema. Cerebrovascular Adverse Reactions, Including Stroke: In clinical trials with antipsychotic drugs, elderly subjects with dementia had a higher incidence of cerebrovascular adverse reactions, including fatalities vs placebo. VRAYLAR is not approved for the treatment of patients with dementia-related psychosis. Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome (NMS): NMS, a potentially fatal symptom complex, has been reported with antipsychotic drugs. NMS may cause hyperpyrexia, muscle rigidity, delirium, and autonomic instability. Additional signs may include elevated creatine phosphokinase, myoglobinuria (rhabdomyolysis), and acute renal failure. Manage with immediate discontinuation, intensive symptomatic treatment, and monitoring. Tardive Dyskinesia (TD): Risk of developing TD (a syndrome of potentially irreversible, involuntary, dyskinetic movements) and the likelihood it will become irreversible may increase with the duration of treatment and the cumulative dose. The syndrome can develop after a relatively brief treatment period, even at low doses, or after treatment discontinuation. If signs and symptoms of TD appear, drug discontinuation should be considered. Late-Occurring Adverse Reactions: Adverse events may first appear several weeks after initiation of VRAYLAR, probably because plasma levels of cariprazine and its major metabolites accumulate over time. As a result, the incidence of adverse reactions in short-term trials may not reflect the rates after longer term exposures. Monitor for adverse reactions, including extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS) or akathisia, and patient response for several weeks after starting VRAYLAR and after each dosage increase. Consider reducing the dose or discontinuing the drug. Metabolic Changes: Atypical antipsychotics have caused metabolic changes, such as: Hyperglycemia and Diabetes Mellitus: Hyperglycemia, in some cases associated with ketoacidosis, hyperosmolar coma, or death, has been reported in patients treated with atypical antipsychotics. Assess fasting glucose before or soon after initiation of treatment, and monitor periodically during long-term treatment. Dyslipidemia: Atypical antipsychotics cause adverse alterations in lipids. Before or soon after starting an antipsychotic, obtain baseline fasting lipid profile and monitor periodically during treatment. Weight Gain: Weight gain has been observed with VRAYLAR. Monitor weight at baseline and frequently thereafter. Leukopenia, Neutropenia, and Agranulocytosis: Leukopenia/neutropenia have been reported with antipsychotics, including VRAYLAR. Agranulocytosis (including fatal cases) has been reported with other antipsychotics. Monitor complete blood count in patients with pre-existing low white blood cell count (WBC)/absolute neutrophil count or history of drug-induced leukopenia/neutropenia. Discontinue VRAYLAR at the first sign of a clinically significant decline in WBC and in severely neutropenic patients. Orthostatic Hypotension and Syncope: Atypical antipsychotics cause orthostatic hypotension and syncope, with the greatest risk during initial titration and with dose increases. Monitor orthostatic vital signs in patients predisposed to hypotension and in those with cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. Falls: VRAYLAR may cause somnolence, postural hypotension, motor and sensory instability, which may lead to falls and, consequently, fractures, or other injuries. For patients with diseases, conditions, or medications that could exacerbate these effects, complete fall risk assessments when initiating antipsychotics and recurrently for patients on long-term therapy. Seizures: Use VRAYLAR with caution in patients with history of seizures or with conditions that lower the seizure threshold. Potential for Cognitive and Motor Impairment: Somnolence was reported with VRAYLAR. Caution patients about performing activities requiring mental alertness (eg, operating hazardous machinery or a motor vehicle). Body Temperature Dysregulation: Use VRAYLAR with caution in patients who may experience conditions that increase body temperature (eg, strenuous exercise, extreme heat, dehydration, or concomitant anticholinergics). Dysphagia: Esophageal dysmotility and aspiration have been associated with antipsychotics. Antipsychotic drugs, including VRAYLAR, should be used cautiously in patients at risk for aspiration. Drug Interactions: Strong CYP3A4 inhibitors increase VRAYLAR concentrations, so VRAYLAR dose reduction is recommended. Concomitant use with CYP3A4 inducers is not recommended. Adverse Reactions: In clinical trials, the most common adverse reactions ( 5% and at least twice the rate of placebo) are listed below: Schizophrenia: The incidences within the recommended dose range (VRAYLAR 1.5 3 mg/day and 4.5 6 mg/day vs placebo) were: EPS (15%, 19% vs 8%) and akathisia (9%, 13% vs 4%) Bipolar mania: The incidences within the recommended dose range (VRAYLAR 3 6 mg/day vs placebo) were: EPS (26% vs 12%), akathisia (20% vs 5%), dyspepsia (7% vs 4%), vomiting (10% vs 4%), somnolence (7% vs 4%), and restlessness (7% vs 2%) Please also see full Prescribing Information, including Boxed Warning. About Allergan plc Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is a bold, global pharmaceutical leader. Allergan is focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceutical, device, biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products for patients around the world. Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products for the central nervous system, eye care, medical aesthetics and dermatology, gastroenterology, women's health, urology and anti-infective therapeutic categories. Allergan is an industry leader in Open Science, a model of research and development, which defines our approach to identifying and developing game-changing ideas and innovation for better patient care. With this approach, Allergan has built one of the broadest development pipelines in the pharmaceutical industry. Allergan's success is powered by our global colleagues' commitment to being Bold for Life. Together, we build bridges, power ideas, act fast and drive results for our customers and patients around the world by always doing what is right. With commercial operations in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives every day. For more information, visit Allergan's website at www.Allergan.com. Forward-Looking Statement Statements contained in this press release that refer to future events or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Allergan's current perspective on existing trends and information as of the date of this release. Actual results may differ materially from Allergan's current expectations depending upon a number of factors affecting Allergan's business. These factors include, among others, the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of FDA approvals or actions, if any; the impact of competitive products and pricing; market acceptance of and continued demand for Allergan's products; the impact of uncertainty around timing of generic entry related to key products, including RESTASIS , on our financial results; risks associated with divestitures, acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures; uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected cost reductions, projected debt reduction, projected synergies, restructurings, increased costs, and adverse tax consequences; difficulties or delays in manufacturing; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Allergan's periodic public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to Allergan's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and Allergan's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018. Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. CONTACTS: Allergan: Investors: Daphne Karydas (862) 261-8006 Karina Calzadilla (862) 261-7328 Media Amy Rose (862) 289-3072 Fran DeSena (862) 261-8820 SOURCE Allergan plc Related Links http://www.allergan.com

KemPharm Announces Positive Topline Results from Oral Human Abuse Potential Trial of KP415 Prodrug Highlights of KP415.A01 Oral HAP Trial Results: Mean Drug Liking (E max ) of KP415 Prodrug (serdexmethylphenidate) at both 120 mg and 240 mg doses were statistically significantly lower than Focalin XR at 80 mg ) of KP415 Prodrug (serdexmethylphenidate) at both 120 mg and 240 mg doses were statistically significantly lower than Focalin XR at 80 mg Mean Drug Liking (E max ) of KP415 Prodrug at 120 mg dose was statistically significantly lower than 60 mg of phentermine, a schedule IV controlled substance CORALVILLE, Iowa, Sept. 11, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- KemPharm, Inc. (NASDAQ:KMPH), a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of proprietary prodrugs, today announced topline results from its oral human abuse potential (HAP) clinical trial of serdexmethylphenidate (SDX, a prodrug of d-methylphenidate, or KP415 Prodrug), the major active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) in KP415, its investigational ADHD product candidate that also contains d-methylphenidate. Results from the oral HAP trial (KP415.A01) indicate that the prodrug component of KP415 may have lower abuse potential compared to Focalin XR (d-methylphenidate extended release capsules), a schedule II controlled substance, even when SDX is administered at oral doses up to 1.5 times higher than Focalin XR on a molar basis. The positive results from the oral HAP trial of SDX are another important milestone in the ongoing development of KP415 as we continue to advance a product candidate with properties that are clearly differentiated from currently marketed methylphenidate ADHD treatments, and with respect to abuse potential, perhaps all ADHD stimulant treatments, said Travis Mickle, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of KemPharm. Reducing the abuse potential of stimulant-based ADHD medications is viewed by prescribers as a key unmet need. The oral HAP data are especially meaningful because we observed that SDX had lower Drug Liking at a higher dose, 240 mg, than an extended-release d-methylphenidate product. It is quite unique to use an extended release comparator in these studies and simultaneously observing such a dramatic difference in effect, especially with a higher equivalent dose of stimulant. Additionally, SDX at 120 mg produced lower Drug Liking than phentermine, a schedule IV controlled substance. These results together with the previously reported intravenous HAP data, suggest that SDX, the prodrug in both KP415 and KP484 product candidates, produces pharmacodynamic effects that are far less desirable to abusers in comparison to d-methylphenidate either when injected or taken orally as Focalin XR, an extended release comparator, at supratherapeutic doses. Mickle added, We look forward to reporting results from our final HAP trial soon, which will evaluate the abuse potential of SDX via the intranasal route. Results from the intranasal HAP trial are expected to be the final component of our New Drug Application (NDA) for KP415 with the FDA, which remains on track for submission to the FDA in the first quarter of 2019. In addition, our preparation of the NDA and completion of the remaining elements of the clinical program for KP415 are taking place in parallel with an active partnering process for KP415 and KP484. About the KP415.A01 Trial: The KP415.A01 oral HAP trial is the second of three human abuse potential trials to be completed and was conducted with SDX, the prodrug contained in KemPharm s co-lead investigational product candidates, KP415 and KP484. KP415.A01 was a single-center, Phase 1, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, single-dose, 5-way crossover study to determine the abuse potential and pharmacokinetics of 120 mg and 240 mg doses of SDX in capsules compared to an 80 mg dose of Focalin XR and a 60 mg dose of phentermine following oral administration in recreational stimulant users. Both Focalin XR and phentermine were administered at twice the highest approved therapeutic dose as outlined in FDA guidance, and SDX at 240 mg was equivalent in d-methylphenidate content (on a molar basis) to 120 mg, or three times the highest approved dose of Focalin XR. The study consisted of a screening phase, a drug discrimination phase, and a treatment phase. Subjects were enrolled in the treatment phase if they were able to differentiate between the effects of a single oral dose of Focalin XR and placebo in the drug discrimination phase. Forty-five (45) subjects completed all five treatment periods of the treatment phase. In the trial, KemPharm observed statistically significant reductions in maximal Drug Liking (E max ) for SDX at doses of 120 mg and 240 mg (63 and 64 points respectively) when compared to twice the maximum daily clinical dose of Focalin XR (80 mg, 82 points), and for the 120 mg dose of SDX when compared to twice the maximum daily clinical dose of phentermine (60 mg, 80 points). In addition, retrospective endpoints of Take Drug Again (E max ) and Overall Drug Liking (E max ) were statistically similar for SDX compared to placebo at both doses. Feeling High (E max ) and Good Effects (E max ) were statistically significantly reduced for both doses of SDX compared to Focalin XR and phentermine. Additionally, Take Drug Again (E max ) and Overall Drug Liking were significantly lower for SDX compared to phentermine at both doses and similar compared to Focalin XR at both doses, though Focalin XR was higher than placebo. In summary, these findings suggest that oral administration of SDX results in effects that are lower compared to Focalin XR, and at some dose levels, lower or similar to phentermine, a schedule IV controlled substance, as measured by multiple endpoints that are commonly used to assess human abuse potential. A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/d09df797-11a2-46e6-bb7f-81dcf038a10e These results are preliminary topline data and are subject to further analysis. The full data and detailed results will be submitted for presentation at future scientific conferences and publication in peer-reviewed journals. About KemPharm: KemPharm is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of proprietary prodrugs to treat serious medical conditions through its proprietary LATTM (Ligand Activated Therapy) platform technology. KemPharm utilizes its proprietary LAT platform technology to generate improved prodrug versions of FDA-approved drugs in the high need areas of ADHD, pain and other central nervous system disorders. KemPharm s co-lead clinical development candidates are KP415 and KP484, both based on a prodrug of d-methylphenidate, but with differing extended-release/effect profiles for the treatment of ADHD. In addition, KemPharm has received FDA approval for APADAZ , an immediate-release combination product containing benzhydrocodone, a prodrug of hydrocodone, and acetaminophen. For more information on KemPharm and its pipeline of prodrug product candidates visit www.kempharm.com or connect with us on Twitter , LinkedIn , Facebook and YouTube . Caution Concerning Forward Looking Statements: This press release may contain forward-looking statements made in reliance upon the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and can be identified by the use of words such as may, will, expect, project, estimate, anticipate, plan, believe, potential, should, continue or the negative versions of those words or other comparable words. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding the expected features and characteristics of KemPharm s product candidates, including KP415, the partnering process for KP415 and KP484, as well as the expected timing of the completion of any clinical trials or studies related to KP415 and the expected timing of the NDA submission for KP415. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future actions or performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to KemPharm and its current plans or expectations Actual results and performance could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including the risks and uncertainties associated with: KemPharm's financial resources and whether they will be sufficient to meet KemPharm's business objectives and operational requirements; results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future clinical trial results; the protection and market exclusivity provided by KemPharm's intellectual property; risks related to the drug discovery and the regulatory approval process; the impact of competitive products and technological changes; and the FDA approval process under the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, including without limitation any timelines for related approval. Risks concerning KemPharm s business are described in detail in KemPharm s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on August 10, 2018, and KemPharm s other Periodic and Current Reports filed with the SEC. KemPharm is under no obligation to (and expressly disclaims any such obligation to) update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

FDA Approves Dupixent (dupilumab) for Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyposis TARRYTOWN, N.Y. and PARIS, June 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- First biologic medicine for adults with inadequately controlled chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) Dupixent significantly reduces nasal polyp size, improves congestion and loss of smell, while reducing the need for surgery and systemic corticosteroids 59% of clinical trial patients also had asthma, and experienced improvements in their lung function Dupixent now approved for three conditions with underlying type 2 inflammation: moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, moderate-to-severe asthma and CRSwNP Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Dupixent (dupilumab) for use with other medicines to treat chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. CRSwNP can be a debilitating condition, with many patients opting for systemic steroids or nasal surgery, which often cannot control this disease. Moreover, CRSwNP often occurs in combination with severe asthma. "Dupixent is the first FDA-approved medicine for adults with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis, and the only approved therapy shown to shrink nasal polyp size and also improve the signs and symptoms of the associated chronic rhinosinusitis. In fact, approximately three-quarters of patients treated with Dupixent no longer required either corticosteroids or surgery, the current standards of care," said George D. Yancopoulos, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Scientific Officer at Regeneron. "Importantly, many patients with CRSwNP also suffer from asthma, and Dupixent was shown to improve lung function in these patients as well. This approval further reinforces that IL-4 and IL-13 are key drivers of type 2 inflammation, and we continue to study Dupixent in other type 2 inflammatory diseases, including eosinophilic esophagitis, and food and environmental allergies." The FDA evaluated the CRSwNP Dupixent application under Priority Review, which is reserved for medicines that represent potentially significant improvements in efficacy or safety in treating serious conditions. Dupixent is a fully-human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13), two proteins that play a central role in type 2 inflammation. Data from Dupixent clinical trials have shown that inhibiting IL-4 and IL-13 helps address the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in CRSwNP, asthma and atopic dermatitis. "Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis can be a debilitating condition. Today's standard of care which includes intranasal and systemic corticosteroids and sinus surgery often leaves patients with CRSwNP with recurring symptoms," said John Reed, M.D., Ph.D., Head of Research and Development at Sanofi. "In two Phase 3 trials, Dupixent helped patients significantly reduce their nasal congestion, and many patients experienced significant improvement in their sense of smell in as quickly as four weeks. Treatment with Dupixent also reduced the need for systemic steroids and surgery, and led to improvements in health-related quality of life. Importantly, these patients with co-morbid asthma now have a treatment that can help improve their breathing." CRSwNP is a chronic disease of the upper airway that obstructs the sinuses and nasal passages. It can lead to breathing difficulties, nasal congestion and discharge, reduced or loss of sense of smell and taste, and facial pressure. Many patients with CRSwNP have other type 2 inflammatory diseases like asthma, and these patients often have more severe asthma and are often more difficult to treat. In the Dupixent CRSwNP trials, 59% of patients also had asthma. These co-morbid diseases can lead to an increased risk of asthma attacks, high symptom burden and a substantial adverse impact on health-related quality of life. The FDA approval is based on two pivotal trials (the 24-week SINUS-24 and 52-week SINUS-52) that are part of the Phase 3 LIBERTY clinical trial program. These trials evaluated Dupixent 300 mg every two weeks with standard-of-care mometasone furoate nasal spray (MFNS) compared to placebo injection plus MFNS. In these trials, Dupixent significantly improved key disease measures and met all primary and secondary endpoints. At 24 weeks, patients treated with Dupixent achieved statistically significant improvements in all primary and secondary endpoints, including: Co-primary endpoints: 57% and 51% improvement in their nasal congestion/obstruction severity compared to a 19% and 15% improvement with placebo in SINUS-24 and SINUS-52, respectively (least squares [LS] mean change from baseline of -1.34 and -1.25 for Dupixent compared to -0.45 and -0.38 for placebo; difference between Dupixent and placebo: -0.89 and -0.87). 33% and 27% reduction in their nasal polyps score compared to a 7% and 4% increase with placebo in SINUS-24 and SINUS-52, respectively (LS mean change from baseline of -1.89 and -1.71 for Dupixent compared to 0.17 and 0.10 for placebo; difference between Dupixent and placebo: -2.06 and -1.80). Secondary endpoints: 42% and 27% improvement in sinus opacification compared to 4% and 0% with placebo in SINUS-24 and SINUS-52, respectively (LS mean change from baseline of -8.18 and -5.21 for Dupixent compared to -0.74 and -0.09 for placebo). 52% and 45% improvement in loss of smell compared to a 12% and 10% improvement for placebo in SINUS-24 and SINUS-52, respectively (LS mean difference in Dupixent compared to placebo of -1.12 and -0.98 in SINUS-24 and SINUS-52, respectively). In a pre-specified pooled analysis of the two trials up to 52 weeks, Dupixent treatment resulted in a significant reduction of systemic corticosteroid use and the need for sino nasal surgery compared to placebo. The proportion of patients who required systemic corticosteroids was reduced by 74% with Dupixent compared to placebo. The proportion of patients who required surgery was reduced by 83% with Dupixent compared to placebo. In the 59% of patients who also had asthma, the improvements in lung function were similar to patients in the Dupixent asthma program. Treatment effects on nasal congestion and loss of smell were observed with the first assessment as early as 4 weeks and showed continued improvement for the duration of the trial. In the 52 week SINUS-52 trial, patients continued to do well through the 52 week treatment period. In the CRSwNP clinical trials, adverse events that occurred in at least 2% of Dupixent patients and greater than placebo were injection site reactions (6% Dupixent, 4% placebo), conjunctivitis (2% Dupixent, 1% placebo), arthralgia (3% Dupixent, 2% placebo) and gastritis (2% Dupixent, 1% placebo). About Dupixent Dupixent comes in a 300 mg pre-filled syringe for patients with CRSwNP. It is given as a subcutaneous injection every other week at different injection sites. Dupixent is intended for use under the guidance of a healthcare professional and can be given in a clinic or at home by self-administration after training by a healthcare professional. In addition to CRSwNP, Dupixent is approved in the U.S. for use with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe asthma in certain patients aged 12 years and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines; and to treat patients aged 12 years and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (eczema) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical), or who cannot use topical therapies. The wholesale acquisition cost of Dupixent remains unchanged with the addition of this indication. Regeneron and Sanofi are committed to helping patients in the U.S. who are prescribed Dupixent gain access to the medicine and receive the support they may need with the DUPIXENT MyWay program. For more information, please call 1-844-DUPIXENT (1-844-387-4936) or visit www.DUPIXENT.com. Outside of the U.S., Dupixent is approved in a number of countries for use in certain adults with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis. Dupixent is also approved in a number of other countries, including those in the European Union (EU), Japan and Australia, to treat certain people aged 12 years and older with severe asthma. Dupixent is currently under regulatory review for patients with CRSwNP in the EU, and for adolescents with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis in several countries, including Japan and in the EU. Dupilumab Development ProgramIn addition to the currently approved indications, Regeneron and Sanofi are also studying dupilumab in a broad range of clinical development programs for diseases driven by allergic and other type 2 inflammation, including pediatric asthma and atopic dermatitis (6 to 11 years of age, Phase 3), pediatric atopic dermatitis (6 months to 5 years of age, Phase 2/3), eosinophilic esophagitis (Phase 3), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (Phase 3) and food and environmental allergies (Phase 2). Dupilumab is also being studied in combination with REGN3500 (SAR440340), which targets IL-33. These potential uses are investigational and the safety and efficacy have not been evaluated by any regulatory authority. Dupilumab and REGN3500 were invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune technology that yields optimized fully human antibodies, and are being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. U.S. INDICATIONS DUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used: to treat people 12 years of age and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (eczema) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical), or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 12 years of age. with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe asthma in people aged 12 years and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 12 years of age. with other medicines to treat chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR U.S. PATIENTS Do not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT . Before using DUPIXENT, tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions, including if you: have eye problems have a parasitic (helminth) infection are taking oral, topical, or inhaled corticosteroid medicines. Do not stop taking your corticosteroid medicines unless instructed by your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine to come back. are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a "live vaccine" if you are treated with DUPIXENT. are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk. Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins and herbal supplements. If you are taking asthma medicines, do not change or stop your asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects, including: Allergic reactions (hypersensitivity), including a severe reaction known as anaphylaxis. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following symptoms: breathing problems, fever, general ill feeling, swollen lymph nodes, swelling of the face, mouth and tongue, hives, itching, fainting, dizziness, feeling lightheaded (low blood pressure), joint pain, or skin rash. Eye problems. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems, including eye pain or changes in vision. Inflammation of your blood vessels. Rarely, this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash, shortness of breath, persistent fever, chest pain, or a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs. The most common side effects include: Atopic dermatitis: injection site reactions, eye and eyelid inflammation, including redness, swelling, and itching, and cold sores in your mouth or on your lips. Asthma: injection site reactions, pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain), and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia). Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis: injection site reactions, eye and eyelid inflammation, including redness, swelling, and itching, high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia), trouble sleeping (insomnia), toothache, gastritis, and joint pain (arthralgia). Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088. Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed. DUPIXENT is an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). If your healthcare provider decides that you or a caregiver can give DUPIXENT injections, you or your caregiver should receive training on the right way to prepare and inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to inject DUPIXENT until you have been shown the right way by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older, it is recommended that DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. Please see full Prescribing Information including Patient Information. About Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Regeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 30 years by physician-scientists, our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to seven FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development, all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases, allergic and inflammatory diseases, cancer, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, neuromuscular diseases, infectious diseases and rare diseases. Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite technologies, such as VelocImmune which produces optimized fully-human antibodies, and ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center, which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world. For additional information about the company, please visit www.regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter. About Sanofi Sanofi is dedicated to supporting people through their health challenges. We are a global biopharmaceutical company focused on human health. We prevent illness with vaccines, provide innovative treatments to fight pain and ease suffering. We stand by the few who suffer from rare diseases and the millions with long-term chronic conditions. With more than 100,000 people in 100 countries, Sanofi is transforming scientific innovation into healthcare solutions around the globe. Sanofi, Empowering Life Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital Media This press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Regeneron" or the "Company"), and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "estimate," variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern, and these risks and uncertainties include, among others, the nature, timing, and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron's products, product candidates, and research and clinical programs now underway or planned, including without limitation Dupixent (dupilumab) Injection; the likelihood, timing, and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron's late-stage product candidates and new indications for marketed products, such as dupilumab for the treatment of pediatric asthma and atopic dermatitis, eosinophilic esophagitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, food and environmental allergies, and other potential indications; unforeseen safety issues resulting from the administration of products and product candidates (such as dupilumab) in patients, including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron's product candidates in clinical trials; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron or its collaborators may be replicated in other studies and lead to therapeutic applications; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron's marketed products (such as Dupixent), research and clinical programs, and business, including those relating to patient privacy; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron's ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron's products and product candidates, including without limitation dupilumab; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to Regeneron's products and product candidates; uncertainty of market acceptance and commercial success of Regeneron's products and product candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary) on the commercial success of Regeneron's products and product candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manufacture and manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; the ability of Regeneron's collaborators, suppliers, or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing, filling, finishing, packaging, labeling, distribution, and other steps related to Regeneron's products and product candidates; the availability and extent of reimbursement of the Company's products (such as Dupixent) from third-party payers, including private payer healthcare and insurance programs, health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing, producing, and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license or collaboration agreement, including Regeneron's agreements with Sanofi, Bayer, and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (or their respective affiliated companies, as applicable), to be cancelled or terminated without any further product success; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto, including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA (aflibercept) Injection, Dupixent, and Praluent (alirocumab) Injection, the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings, and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron's business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2019. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management's current beliefs and judgment, and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including without limitation any financial projection or guidance, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company, including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron). Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product, or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words "expects", "anticipates", "believes", "intends", "estimates", "plans" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi, that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things, unexpected regulatory actions or delays, or government regulation generally, that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product, the absence of guarantee that the product will be commercially successful, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product, including post marketing, unexpected safety, quality or manufacturing issues, competition in general, risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation, and volatile economic conditions, as well as those risks discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi, including those listed under "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2018. Other than as required by applicable law, Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Regeneron Contacts: Media Relations Sharon Chen Tel: +1 (914) 847-1546 [email protected] Investor Relations Justin Holko Tel: +1 (914) 847-7786 [email protected] Sanofi Contacts: Media Relations Ashleigh Koss Tel: +1 (908) 981-8745 [email protected] Investor Relations George Grofik Tel: +33 (0)1 53 77 45 45 [email protected] SOURCE Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Related Links http://www.regeneron.com

Gazprom Space Systems and Gilat Sign $18M Contract to Provide Broadband Connectivity Across Russia Over New Yamal 601 Ka Satellite Additionally, Cooperation Agreement signed for joint development of communication projects such as IFC and railway transport MOSCOW and PETAH TIKVA, Israel, Aug. 29, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Gazprom Space Systems (GSS), international satellite operator, and Gilat Satellite Networks Ltd. (NASDAQ: GILT) (TASE: GILT), a worldwide leader in satellite networking technology, solutions and services, signed the contract with an estimated value of $18M, to provide broadband connectivity across Russia. Gilat will deliver its' multiservice platform and user terminals to operate over the new Yamal 601 Ka satellite. The companies also signed today a Cooperation Agreement for joint development of communication projects such as IFC, and railway transport. The Yamal 601 Ka satellite is expected to be launched in 2019 and will provide broadband coverage for both the European and Asian regions of Russia. The satellite's 32 beams will be lighted up by Gilat's two SkyEdge II-c gateways to be installed in the Central and Siberian Federal Districts. This first phase of the project consists of gateways for utilizing one-third of the satellite's capacity and includes the delivery of tens of thousands of Gilat's terminals with the advanced efficiency-driven DVB-S2X technology. An expansion of the project is expected when additional capacity will be required for further service. Gilat's highly efficient platform, supporting a broad portfolio of VSAT solutions, will enable GSS to provide high quality affordable broadband to various market segments. Gilat's Scorpio VSATs will deliver consumer broadband to the most remote locations, while Gilat's Capricorn VSATs will enable the rural regions to benefit from corporate connectivity and shared access. Additionally, GSS and Gilat agreed to engage in further business cooperation including joint development to expand both regional and global coverage for fixed and mobile platforms, as reflected in the signed Cooperation Agreement. The Agreement calls for IFC coverage over Russia and abroad supported by multiple Ka and Ku satellites from GSS and other satellite operators, taking advantage of Gilat's dual-band Ku/Ka antenna. The plans also include provision of communication services to passengers of railway transport with Gilat's on-the-move terminals and GSS satellite capacity. "GSS is pleased to collaborate with Gilat for Ka broadband coverage across Russia and to further extend our partnership to future projects," said Dmitry Sevastiyanov, Director General of Gazprom Space Systems. "We chose Gilat's platform due to its high efficiency and its flexibility to support multiple applications today and tomorrow." "Gilat is honored to be selected by GSS as the ground segment provider for its Yamal 601 Ka satellite and is excited about the potential of additional cooperation for future joint development projects," said Michal Aharonov, VP Commercial at Gilat. "This partnership is a significant step for Gilat in Russia as an enabler of high-quality affordable broadband to the people of Russia in a variety of markets." About Gazprom Space SystemsJSC Gazprom Space Systems is a Russian satellite operator providing satellite capacity in the Russian and international markets. GSS has created, operates and develops a satellite communication system based on an orbital constellation composed of four satellites: Yamal-202 (49 E), Yamal-300K (183 E), Yamal-402 (55 E) and Yamal-401 (90 E). Thanks to wide service areas covering a significant part of the Eastern hemisphere and high technical characteristics of satellites, GSS' capacity is in high demand and is used in more than 100 countries worldwide. The developed ground infrastructure of the company allows to provide all kinds of satellite communication services in Russia. In 2019, the space fleet of GSS will be replenished with a new HTS satellite Yamal-601 that will replace Yamal-202 and enable the development of a new business for Ka-band broadband services provision. About GilatGilat Satellite Networks Ltd. (NASDAQ: GILT, TASE: GILT) is a leading global provider of satellite-based broadband communications. With 30 years of experience, we design and manufacture cutting-edge ground segment equipment, and provide comprehensive solutions and end-to-end services, powered by our innovative technology. Delivering high value competitive solutions, our portfolio comprises of a cloud based VSAT network platform, high-speed modems, high performance on-the-move antennas and high efficiency, high power Solid State Amplifiers (SSPA) and Block Upconverters (BUC). Gilat's comprehensive solutions support multiple applications with a full portfolio of products to address key applications including broadband access, cellular backhaul, enterprise, in-flight connectivity, maritime, trains, defense and public safety, all while meeting the most stringent service level requirements. Gilat controlling shareholders are the FIMI Private Equity Funds. For more information, please visit: www.gilat.com Certain statements made herein that are not historical are forward-look ng within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words "estimate", "project", "intend", "expect", "believe" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Gilat to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including, among others, changes in general economic and business conditions, inability to maintain market acceptance to Gilat's products, inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications, rapid changes in the market for Gilat's products, loss of market share and pressure on prices resulting from competition, introduction of competing products by other companies, inability to manage growth and expansion, loss of key OEM partners, inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, inability to protect the Company's proprietary technology and risks associated with Gilat's international operations and its location in Israel. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. For additional information regarding these and other risks and uncertainties associated with Gilat's business, reference is made to Gilat's reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Contact:Gilat Satellite NetworksDoreet Oren, Director Corporate Communications[email protected] Comm-Partners LLCJune Filingeri, President [email protected]+1-203-972-0186 SOURCE Gilat Satellite Networks Related Links http://www.gilat.com

FOREWARN Partners with Utah Central Association of REALTORS The 2nd largest local REALTOR Association in the state of Utah contracts to make FOREWARN services available for its 3,000+ REALTOR members to promote proactive agent safety BOCA RATON, Fla., Sept. 01, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- FOREWARN, LLC, a red violet company (NASDAQ: RDVT) and the leading provider of real-time information solutions for real estate agents, today announced that the Utah Central Association of REALTORS ( UCAR ) has contracted to make FOREWARN services available for the 3,000+ REALTOR members it serves in Utah County and throughout the surrounding Carbon, Daggett, Duschene, Emery, Grand, Juab, San Juan, Sevier, and Uintah counties in an effort to promote proactive real estate agent safety. Available both online and through a mobile application, FOREWARN analyzes billions of data points and provides users with the ability to mitigate risks by verifying identity, searching for criminal histories, and validating information provided by potential clients -- using just a phone number. FOREWARN allows agents to properly and safely plan for showings with a higher level of confidence. The FOREWARN services purchased by UCAR will be available to UCAR s entire 3,000+ real estate agent membership at no additional cost to individual agents. We are proud to be providing this vitally important new benefit for our members, said Steven Bond, President of the Utah Central Association of REALTORS . FOREWARN is a powerful tool that equips agents with instant intelligence to help them verify prospect identity and potential risks far ahead of finding themselves in a vulnerable situation. We are happy to be making a real difference towards the increased safety and peace of mind of our members. On September 1, 2020, existing UCAR members will receive specific instructions on how to move forward with activating their FOREWARN subscription. All other real estate agencies and agents can learn more about FOREWARN at www.forewarn.com . About FOREWARN At FOREWARN, we bring instant knowledge through innovative solutions to ensure safer engagements and smarter interactions. Leveraging powerful analytics and a massive data repository, our solutions enable organizations to gain real-time knowledge, for purposes such as verifying identity, searching for criminal histories, and validating information. Risk assessment and due diligence at your fingertips . RELATED LINKS: www.forewarn.com About red violet At red violet, we believe that time is your most valuable asset. Through powerful analytics, we transform data into intelligence, in a fast and efficient manner, so that our clients can spend their time on what matters most - running their organizations with confidence. Through leading-edge, proprietary technology and a massive data repository, our analytics and information solutions harness the power of data fusion, uncovering the relevance of disparate data points and converting them into comprehensive and insightful views of people, businesses, assets and their interrelationships. We empower clients across markets and industries to better execute all aspects of their business, from managing risk, recovering debt, identifying fraud and abuse, and ensuring legislative compliance, to identifying and acquiring customers. At red violet, we are dedicated to making the world a safer place and reducing the cost of doing business. For more information, please visit www.redviolet.com. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains forward-looking statements, as that term is defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA), which statements may be identified by words such as expects, plans, projects, will, may, anticipate, believes, should, intends, estimates, and other words of similar meaning. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are often difficult to predict, are beyond our control and which may cause results to differ materially from expectations, including whether FOREWARN will address real estate agent safety and whether FOREWARN will serve as a powerful and proactive tool to equip UCAR agents with instant intelligence to help them verify prospect identity and potential risks far ahead of finding themselves in a vulnerable position. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are based on our expectations as of the date of this press release and speak only as of the date of this press release and are advised to consider the factors listed above together with the additional factors under the heading Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in red violet s SEC Filings. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Investor Relations Contact: Camilo Ramirez Red Violet, Inc. 561-757-4500 ir@redviolet.com

American Eagle Outfitters Reports Second Quarter Results Aerie posted exceptional growth, with revenue up 32% and record margins AEO s digital demand accelerated and increased 48%; Aerie grew 113% and AE rose 21% Improved demand and operating discipline drove $173 million in positive operating cash flow and a strengthened financial position, ending with $899 million in cash Ending inventory declined 21%; AEO is well positioned for the second half PITTSBURGH--(BUSINESS WIRE)--American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (NYSE: AEO) today reported EPS of ($0.08) for the 13 weeks ended August 1, 2020. This compared to $0.38 for the 13 weeks ended August 3, 2019. Adjusted EPS of ($0.03) this year excluded $0.05 of COVID-19 related expenses and restructuring charges and compared to adjusted EPS of $0.39 last year, which excluded $0.01 of restructuring costs. Jay Schottenstein, AEO s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer commented, In the midst of an unprecedented crisis, we delivered a significant improvement from the first quarter throughout our business a true testament to the agility, talent and commitment of our team. Aerie was simply outstanding, fueled by strong demand, with revenue rising 32% and record margins, demonstrating the power of the brand and signaling the vast opportunity ahead. Across brands, digital sales accelerated and we successfully reopened stores during the quarter. Throughout this event, we operated with strong disciplines, reduced expenses, cut inventories and carefully managed liquidity. We controlled what we could, and generated positive free cash flow, strengthening our balance sheet. Inventories are in good shape and I believe we are very well-positioned for the second half of the year. We will remain focused on managing through the near term and preparing for a new future as we accelerate strategies to transform our business and emerge with strength. Adjusted amounts represent Non-GAAP results, as described in the accompanying GAAP to Non-GAAP reconciliations. Second Quarter 2020 Results Restructuring and COVID-19 Related Charges In the second quarter of 2020, the company incurred incremental COVID-19 expenses and restructuring charges of approximately $15 million pre-tax, or $0.05 per share after-tax. In the second quarter of 2019, the company incurred restructuring charges of $3 million pre-tax, or $0.01 per share after-tax. Inventory Total ending inventory at cost decreased $114 million or 21% to $421 million. AE brand inventory was significantly lower, as inventories were cut due to COVID-19-related store closures and inventory optimization strategies. Aerie inventory increased to support strong demand. In the fall, the company plans to continue inventory optimization initiatives to streamline assortments, provide greater alignment of inventory to sales plans and better utilize supply chain strengths to chase product demand. Capital Expenditures In the second quarter of 2020, capital expenditures totaled $27 million. On a year-to-date basis, capital expenditures were $61 million. For fiscal 2020, the company continues to expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $100 to $125 million, prioritizing strategic customer-facing and supply chain investments. This compares to $210 million for the full-year fiscal 2019. Cash Flow and Balance Sheet The company generated $173 million in operating cash flow during the second quarter and ended the period with total cash and short-term investments of $899 million, an increase from $317 million last year. The quarter-end cash balance included $406 million in proceeds from the April 2020 convertible notes offering and $200 million in outstanding borrowings from the company s revolving credit facility. Due to the strong cash flow, the company repaid $130 million in outstanding borrowings from its revolving credit facility during the second quarter. Subsequent to quarter-end, the company repaid the facility s remaining $200 million outstanding balance. Shareholder Returns As previously announced, the company suspended its dividend in June 2020 and at this point does not anticipate declaring a dividend for the rest of this year. The company s first quarter cash dividend was deferred until 2021 and will be payable on April 23, 2021 to stockholders of record at the close of business on April 9, 2021. Conference Call and Supplemental Financial Information Today, management will host a conference call and real time webcast at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. To listen to the call, dial 1-877-407-0789 or internationally dial 1-201-689-8562 or go to www.aeo-inc.com to access the webcast and audio replay. Additionally, a financial results presentation is posted on the company s website. Non-GAAP Measures This press release includes information on non-GAAP financial measures ( non-GAAP or adjusted ), including earnings per share information and the consolidated results of operations excluding non-GAAP items. These financial measures are not based on any standardized methodology prescribed by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and are not necessarily comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Management believes that this non-GAAP information is useful for an alternate presentation of the company s performance, when reviewed in conjunction with the company s GAAP financial statements. These amounts are not determined in accordance with GAAP and therefore, should not be used exclusively in evaluating the company s business and operations. About American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (NYSE: AEO) is a leading global specialty retailer offering high-quality, on-trend clothing, accessories and personal care products at affordable prices under its American Eagle and Aerie brands. Our purpose is to show the world that there s REAL power in the optimism of youth. The company operates stores in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Hong Kong, and ships to 81 countries worldwide through its websites. American Eagle and Aerie merchandise also is available at more than 200 international locations operated by licensees in 25 countries. For more information, please visit www.aeo-inc.com. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 This release and related statements by management contain forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995), which represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events, including third quarter 2020 results. All forward-looking statements made by the company involve material risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on many important factors, some of which may be beyond the company s control. Words such as "estimate," "project," "plan," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," potential, and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. Except as may be required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise and even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. The following factors, in addition to the risks disclosed in Item 1A., Risk Factors, of the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2020 and in any subsequently-filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in some cases have affected, and in the future could affect, the company's financial performance and could cause actual results for the third quarter 2020 and beyond to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any of the forward-looking statements included in this release or otherwise made by management: the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 U.S. Presidential election and disruption related to social unrest will have on our operations and financial results, which is difficult to accurately predict; the risk that the company s operating, financial and capital plans may not be achieved; our inability to anticipate customer demand and changing fashion trends and to manage our inventory commensurately; seasonality of our business; our inability to achieve planned store financial performance; our inability to react to raw material cost, labor and energy cost increases; our inability to gain market share in the face of declining shopping center traffic; our inability to respond to changes in e-commerce and leverage omni-channel demands; our inability to expand internationally; difficulty with our international merchandise sourcing strategies; challenges with information technology systems, including safeguarding against security breaches; and changes in global economic and financial conditions, and the resulting impact on consumer confidence and consumer spending, as well as other changes in consumer discretionary spending habits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and liquidity. AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in thousands) (unaudited) August 1, February 1, August 3, 2020 2020 2019 898,787 361,930 267,166 - 55,000 50,000 421,196 446,278 534,762 107,243 119,064 98,604 155,141 65,658 69,541 1,582,367 1,047,930 1,020,073 659,351 735,120 754,031 1,271,491 1,418,916 1,462,544 51,432 53,004 56,326 30,224 22,724 16,759 33,111 50,985 49,426 3,627,976 3,328,679 3,359,159 295,296 285,746 316,995 348,921 299,161 279,207 12,783 9,514 17,754 66,131 43,537 54,683 22,837 - - 43,165 56,974 34,742 51,281 56,824 60,265 840,414 751,756 763,646 516,953 - - 1,253,105 1,301,735 1,338,634 19,604 27,335 28,302 1,789,662 1,329,070 1,366,936 - - - - - - 2,496 2,496 2,496 647,284 577,856 568,413 (47,991 ) (33,168 ) (36,630 ) 1,807,687 2,108,292 2,070,077 (1,411,576 ) (1,407,623 ) (1,375,779 ) 997,900 1,247,853 1,228,577 3,627,976 3,328,679 3,359,159 1.88 1.39 1.33 AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Dollars and shares in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) GAAP Basis 13 Weeks Ended August 1, % of August 3, % of 2020 Revenue 2019 Revenue 883,510 100.0 % 1,040,879 100.0 % 618,311 70.0 % 658,308 63.3 % 265,199 30.0 % 382,571 36.7 % 223,711 25.3 % 253,051 24.3 % 14,611 1.7 % 2,728 0.3 % 39,114 4.4 % 44,870 4.3 % (12,237 ) -1.4 % 81,922 7.8 % (6,993 ) -0.8 % 3,990 0.4 % (19,230 ) -2.2 % 85,912 8.2 % (5,478 ) -0.6 % 20,931 2.0 % (13,752 ) -1.6 % 64,981 6.2 % (0.08 ) 0.38 (0.08 ) 0.38 166,315 170,756 166,315 171,781 GAAP Basis 26 Weeks Ended August 1, % of August 3, % of 2020 Revenue 2019 Revenue 1,435,202 100.0 % 1,927,169 100.0 % 1,141,697 79.5 % 1,219,677 63.3 % 293,505 20.5 % 707,492 36.7 % 411,908 28.7 % 483,791 25.1 % 170,231 11.9 % 4,272 0.2 % 81,844 5.7 % 89,661 4.7 % (370,478 ) -25.8 % 129,768 6.7 % (10,122 ) -0.7 % 8,172 0.4 % (380,600 ) -26.5 % 137,940 7.1 % (109,685 ) -7.6 % 32,206 1.7 % (270,915 ) -18.9 % 105,734 5.4 % (1.63 ) 0.61 (1.63 ) 0.61 166,461 172,291 166,461 173,701 AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS, INC. GAAP TO NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) 13 Weeks Ended August 1, 2020 Operating (Loss) Income Diluted (Loss) per Common Share GAAP Basis $ (12,237 ) $ (0.08 ) % of Revenue -1.4 % Add: Incremental COVID-19 related expenses and restructuring(1): 14,611 0.05 Non-GAAP Basis $ 2,374 $ (0.03 ) % of Revenue 0.3 % - $0.7 million of corporate severance charges GAAP TO NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) 13 Weeks Ended August 3, 2019 Operating Income Diluted Earnings per Common Share GAAP Basis $ 81,922 $ 0.38 % of Revenue 7.8 % Add: Restructuring charges(1): 2,728 0.01 Non-GAAP Basis $ 84,650 $ 0.39 % of Revenue 8.1 % Earnings Before Interest and Taxes GAAP TO NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION (Dollars in thousands) (unaudited) 13 Weeks Ended August 1, August 3, 2020 2019 Net (Loss) Income $ (13,752 ) $ 64,981 Add: (Benefit) provision for income taxes (5,478 ) 20,931 Add: Depreciation and amortization 39,114 44,870 Add: Interest expense (income), net 8,547 (1,605 ) EBITDA $ 28,431 $ 129,177 Add: Incremental COVID-19 related expenses and restructuring(1) (2) 14,611 2,728 Adjusted EBITDA $ 43,042 $ 131,905 (1) $14.6 million Incremental COVID-19 related expenses and restructuring charges: - $13.9 million of incremental COVID-19 related expenses consisting of personal protective equipment and supplies for our associates and customers - $0.7 million of corporate severance charges (2) - $2.7 million for pre-tax corporate restructuring charges, primarily severance STORE INFORMATION (unaudited) Second Quarter YTD Second Quarter 2020 2020 1,093 1,095 1 3 14 15 1 1 (8) (12) (2) (3) (1) (1) 1,098 1,098 931 160 175 4 3 3 4 6,828 6,828 220 220 14 15 2 3 16 18 AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS, INC. GAAP TO NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION DEMAND SALES & TOTAL REVENUE BY BRAND Q2 2020 vs. Q2 2019 (unaudited) Aerie Brand AE Brand Total(4) % Change % Change % Change 113% 21% 48% 142% 47% 74% 25% -29% -19% 32% -26% -15%

Lockheed Martin Receives $828 Million U.S. Army Contract for Guided MLRS Rocket Production DALLAS, May 7, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) received an $828 million not-to-exceed contract from the U.S. Army for Lot 13 production of Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System (GMLRS) rockets and associated equipment. Lockheed Martin received a $828 million not-to-exceed contract from the U.S. Army for Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System rockets and associated equipment. The contract calls for the production of GMLRS Alternative Warhead (AW) rockets, GMLRS Unitary rockets, Reduced-Range Practice Rockets (RRPRs) and integrated logistics support for the U.S. Army as well as GMLRS rounds for a number of international customers. Work will be performed at the Lockheed Martin facilities in Dallas and at the company's Precision Fires Center of Excellence in Camden, Ark. "The GMLRS round continues to perform exceptionally well for our customers," said Gaylia Campbell, vice president of Precision Fires and Combat Maneuver Systems at Lockheed Martin. "And we are always executing continuous improvement initiatives to enhance performance, range and affordability of these critical rounds to assure they remain the preferred precision-strike option for our warfighters." GMLRS is an all-weather rocket designed for fast deployment that delivers precision strike beyond the reach of most conventional weapons. The GMLRS AW was the first munition developed to service area targets without the effects of unexploded ordinance, complying with the DoD cluster munitions policy. GMLRS Unitary rockets greatly exceed the required combat reliability rate and have established a reputation for affordability. The RRPR allows users to train with realistic, full-motored rockets with limited flight range, making them ideal for smaller testing ranges.In combat operations, each GMLRS rocket is packaged in a MLRS launch pod and is fired from the Lockheed Martin HIMARS or M270 family of launchers. For more than 40 years, Lockheed Martin Missiles and Fire Control has been the leading designer and manufacturer of long-range, surface-to-surface precision strike solutions, providing highly reliable, combat-proven systems like MLRS, HIMARS, ATACMS and GMLRS to domestic and international customers. About Lockheed Martin Headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, Lockheed Martin is a global security and aerospace company that employs approximately 100,000 people worldwide and is principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. SOURCE Lockheed Martin Related Links http://www.lockheedmartin.com

Elbit Systems Awarded $20 Million in Contracts to Upgrade Hermes 900 UAS of Latin American Customers English English HAIFA, Israel, April 12, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Elbit Systems Ltd. (NASDAQ: ESLT) (TASE: ESLT) ("Elbit Systems" or the "Company") announced today that it was awarded two contracts valued at a total of approximately $20 million from Latin American customers to upgrade the capabilities of their Hermes 900 Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS). Both contracts will be performed within a 12-month period. Under the contracts, the Company will integrate satellite communication systems and automatic takeoff and landing systems into the Hermes 900 UAS that the customers are already operating. This upgrade will advance these Medium Altitude Long Endurance (MALE) UAS to the latest configuration, enabling extension of the operational range to more than 1000km and performing the takeoff and landing autonomously and independent of GPS reception. Since its debut 10 years ago, the Hermes 900 UAS was selected by numerous customers across four continents, performing a wide range of missions in the fields of Intelligence Surveillance Target Acquisition and Reconnaissance (ISTAR), homeland security and maritime search and rescue. About Elbit Systems Elbit Systems Ltd. is an international high technology company engaged in a wide range of defense, homeland security and commercial programs throughout the world. The Company, which includes Elbit Systems and its subsidiaries, operates in the areas of aerospace, land, and naval systems, command, control, communications, computers, intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance ("C4ISR"), unmanned aircraft systems, advanced electro-optics, electro-optic space systems, EW suites, signal intelligence systems, data links and communications systems, radios and cyber-based systems and munitions. The Company also focuses on the upgrading of existing platforms, developing new technologies for defense, homeland security and commercial applications and providing a range of support services, including training and simulation systems. For additional information, visit: https://elbitsystems.com/, follow us on Twitter or visit our official Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn Channels. Contacts: Company Contact: Joseph Gaspar, Executive VP & CFO Tel: +972-4-8316663 [email protected] Rami Myerson, Director, Investor Relations Tel: +972-77-2948984 [email protected] David Vaaknin, VP, Head of Corporate Communications Tel: +972-77-2946691 [email protected] IR Contact: Ehud Helft Kenny Green GK Investor Relations Tel: 1-646-201-9246 [email protected] This press release may contain forward looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Israeli Securities Law, 1968) regarding Elbit Systems Ltd. and/or its subsidiaries (collectively the Company), to the extent such statements do not relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions about future events. Forward looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company, which are difficult to predict, including projections of the Company's future financial results, its anticipated growth strategies and anticipated trends in its business. Therefore, actual future results, performance and trends may differ materially from these forward looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: scope and length of customer contracts; governmental regulations and approvals; changes in governmental budgeting priorities; general market, political and economic conditions in the countries in which the Company operates or sells, including Israel and the United States among others; changes in global health and macro-economic conditions; differences in anticipated and actual program performance, including the ability to perform under long-term fixed-price contracts; changes in the competitive environment; and the outcome of legal and/or regulatory proceedings. The factors listed above are not all-inclusive, and further information is contained in Elbit Systems Ltd.'s latest annual report on Form 20-F, which is on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. Although the Company believes the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, it cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither the Company nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. The Company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. Elbit Systems Ltd., its logo, brand, product, service and process names appearing in this Press Release are the trademarks or service marks of Elbit Systems Ltd. or its affiliated companies. All other brand, product, service and process names appearing are the trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service or process other than those of Elbit Systems Ltd. does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation or sponsorship of that product, service or process by Elbit Systems Ltd. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of Elbit Systems Ltd. or any third party, except as expressly granted herein. SOURCE Elbit Systems Ltd Related Links https://elbitsystems.com/

uniQure Presents New Preclinical Data in SCA3, Fabry Disease, and Hemophilia A at the ASGCT Annual Meeting ~ Substantial Presence with 22 Data Presentations Highlighting Breadth of Research, Technology and Manufacturing Platform ~ ~ New Non-Human Primate Data Demonstrate Feasibility of Intracisternal Administration of AMT-150 for SCA3 ~ ~ New Data Show a Single Administration of AAV5-hFIX in Newborn Mice Led to Long-Term, Stable hFIX Expression ~ LEXINGTON, Mass. and AMSTERDAM, the Netherlands, May 14, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- uniQure N.V. (NASDAQ: QURE), a leading gene therapy company advancing transformative therapies for patients with severe medical needs, presented new preclinical data on its gene therapy candidates AMT-150 for Spinocerebellar Ataxia type 3, AMT-190 for Fabry disease, and AMT-180 for the treatment of Hemophilia A. The data are featured in presentations at the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy (ASGCT) Annual Meeting. uniQure is delivering a total of 22 data presentations at the meeting, which is taking place virtually from May 12 to May 15. Our collective presence at ASGCT showcases the breadth of uniQure s gene therapy expertise and leadership, including our research capabilities and excellence in developing and manufacturing novel gene therapies, stated Matt Kapusta, chief executive officer at uniQure. We are happy to share new preclinical data on our gene therapy candidates, as well as our innovations in technology and manufacturing. The uniQure presentations in Spinocerebellar Ataxia type 3 (SCA3) show a continuation of strong proof-of-concept data in mice and other preclinical models, as well as encouraging new data in non-human primates (NHPs). Additionally, new data related to AAV biology show that a single administration of AAV5-hFIX in newborn mice led to stable hFIX expression up to 18 months after dosing. AMT-150 for Spinocerebellar Ataxia type 3 (SCA3) SCA3 , also known as Machado-Joseph disease, is caused by a CAG-repeat expansion in the ATXN3 gene that results in an abnormal form of the protein ataxin-3. People with SCA3 experience brain degeneration that results in movement disorders, rigidity, muscular atrophy and paralysis. There is currently no treatment available that slows the progressive course of this lethal disease. AMT-150 is a one-time, intracisternally-administered, AAV gene therapy incorporating the Company s proprietary miQURE silencing technology that is designed to halt ataxia in early manifest SCA3 patients. AMT-150 is currently in pre-investigational new drug enabling studies. In an in vivo preclinical study featured in an oral presentation, six non-human primates (NHP) received a one-time injection of AMT-150 via the cisterna magna to assess expression and distribution. Samples taken after 8 weeks showed widespread transduction of the brain and spinal cord, with the highest genome copies found in the posterior fossa and cortical regions. ATXN3-microRNA was expressed in all brain regions and was correlated with the number of vector genome copies. Using in-situ hybridization, researchers confirmed the presence throughout the brain of high quantities of mature miATXN3 microRNA molecules. In other preclinical studies featured in separate poster presentations, researchers evaluated AMT-150 in SCA3 mouse models, as well as human induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC)-derived neurons and astrocytes, to investigate potential off-target effects of AAV5-miATXN3. The iPSC-derived cell cultures, which were derived from two SCA3 patients, represent the most disease-relevant cell type for therapeutic targeting of AMT-150. A clear dose-dependent expression of miATXN3 was observed in the iPSC-derived neurons and astrocytes transduced with AMT-150. Mature miATXN3 molecules were also associated with extracellular vesicles that strongly correlated with the dose and miATXN3 expression, suggesting the potential therapeutic spread of the engineered miATXN3. Additionally, AMT-150 clearly demonstrated ATXN3 knockdown in human neurons and various SCA3 mouse models with subsequent neuropathology improvement. AMT-190 for Fabry Disease Fabry disease is an X-linked genetic disorder resulting from a deficiency of -galactosidase A ( -gal or GLA). The current standard of care for Fabry disease is bi-weekly infusions of enzyme replacement therapy, a treatment that has limited effectiveness in many patients due to poor cross-correction, which hampers clearance of substrates in the target organs, in particular the kidney and the heart. In addition, a significant number of patients develop antibodies to the enzyme, -gal or GLA. AMT-190 provides expression of a proprietary, exclusively licensed modified NAGA (ModNAGA), which shows a high structural resemblance to -gal and has GLA activity. ModNAGA may have several advantages over current therapies, including higher stability in plasma, circumvention of GLA-inhibitors and better uptake in target organs. In vivo studies in wild-type (WT) NHPs were conducted to assess expression of ModNAGA upon AAV-injection. These studies demonstrated that a single administration of AMT-190 resulted in modNAGA expression in the liver and significant increases of GLA activity levels in the NHP plasma. Earlier in vivo studies in GLA knock-out (GLA-KO) and WT mice demonstrated that AMT-190 resulted in up to ten-fold higher GLA activity in plasma, compared to the relevant control group, and successful lowering of Gb3 and LysoGb3 in plasma and target organs of GLA-KO mice. The data presented also show that a single administration of AMT-190 in GLA-KO mice continued to elevate GLA-activity levels in the liver and plasma and reduce GLA-substrates in plasma and target organs up to 30-weeks post-injection. AMT-180 for Hemophilia A Hemophilia A is an X-linked bleeding disorder resulting from a deficiency in coagulation Factor VIII that serves as a cofactor for Factor IX in the activation of the coagulation cascade. About 30 percent of the hemophilia A patient population develops inhibitors to Factor VIII over the course of the disease. AMT-180 comprises a recombinant AAV5 vector incorporating a proprietary modified Factor IX gene. Data from multiple in vivo studies in rodents and NHPs demonstrated that a single administration of AMT-180 was well-tolerated and without increased coagulation activation markers. The preclinical studies were used to predict suitable clinical doses by assessing Factor VIII-independent clotting activity and correlating this to FIX-FIAV protein levels. The studies demonstrated that the dose calculation model in NHPs predicted dose-dependent increases in FVIII-independent activity. A Single Administration of AAV5-hFIX in Newborn, Juvenile and Adult Mice Leads to Stable hFIX Expression up to 18 Months after Dosing In addition to updates on our preclinical programs, an oral presentation provides important new data on AAV biology, showing that AAV5/FIX expression was maintained long-term, up to 18 months after dosing, in mice that were treated very early in life. The total number of genomic transgene copies was remarkably constant during the lives of the mice. FIX expression was maintained during the 18 months after dosing, despite the cells in the liver having turned over several times. The original volume of liver that was transduced is smaller in younger mice, but the mice livers did not lose the initial transduction/expression during cell division over time. The question of whether re-treatment will be needed is an important issue in gene therapy, stated Sander van Deventer. These data show that there was almost no loss of the transduced cells following administration of AAV5-hFIX during the life span of the mouse. This suggests that the AAV episomes were transferred to daughter cells during cell division a very important finding in terms of AAV biology and an encouraging sign for the longevity of gene therapy in humans. An overview of the data presented at ASGCT can be found on the Investor section of uniQure s corporate website. About uniQure uniQure is delivering on the promise of gene therapy single treatments with potentially curative results. We are leveraging our modular and validated technology platform to rapidly advance a pipeline of proprietary and partnered gene therapies to treat patients with hemophilia, Huntington s disease and other severe genetic diseases. www.uniQure.com uniQure Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, which are often indicated by terms such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "look forward to", "may," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "will," "would" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information available to management only as of the date of this press release. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, whether AMT-150 will be effective as a one-time, intrathecally-administered, AAV gene therapy or will halt ataxia in early manifest SCA3 patients, whether ModNAGA may have one or more advantages over current therapies, including higher stability in plasma, circumvention of GLA-inhibitors and better uptake in target organs, whether the AMT-180 doses predicted by our preclinical studies will be effective in clinical studies in hemophilia A patients, and whether gene therapies will demonstrate longevity for humans in liver or other treatments. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including, without limitation, risks associated with the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our Company and the wider economy and health care system, our clinical development activities, clinical results, collaboration arrangements, regulatory oversight, product commercialization and intellectual property claims, as well as the risks, uncertainties and other factors described under the heading "Risk Factors" in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2020. Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. uniQure Contacts: FOR INVESTORS: Maria E. Cantor Direct: 339-970-7536 Mobile: 617-680-9452 m.cantor@uniQure.com FOR MEDIA:

Seacoast to Acquire First Bank of the Palm Beaches Seacoast expands its position in one of the fastest growing markets in Florida STUART, Fla., Nov. 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida (NASDAQ:SBCF) ( Seacoast ), the holding company for Seacoast National Bank ( Seacoast Bank ), today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire First Bank of the Palm Beaches ( First Bank ) in a transaction that will expand Seacoast s presence in the attractive Palm Beach County market. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, First Bank, headquartered in West Palm Beach, will be merged with and into Seacoast Bank. Organized in 2006, First Bank has deposits of approximately $172 million and loans of $150 million and will increase Seacoast s deposits in Palm Beach County by 25% to approximately $821 million. Palm Beach County has the highest median household income in Florida and is one of the fastest growing economies in the state. The Palm Beach County Business Development Board reported its unemployment rate at 3.2% in September. The county s civilian labor force grew at 1.9% last year. Seven of the county s neighborhoods are among the fastest growing in the state over the past two years according to a study conducted by Zillow. Also, the county is ranked by Forbes as the #19 in Best Places for Business and Careers in the United States. Seacoast plans to grow its presence in Palm Beach County by adding First Bank s two branches to the six it currently operates in the market. Seacoast entered the county in 2003 and then expanded by acquiring Grand Bankshares, Inc. in 2015 and Palm Beach Community Bank in 2017. This acquisition brings Seacoast a highly complementary banking institution and strengthens our position in Palm Beach County, said Dennis S. Hudson III, Seacoast Chairman and CEO. First Bank builds upon our two previous Palm Beach County acquisitions and subsequent organic growth in Florida s largest and the nation s seventh largest MSA. We look forward to welcoming First Bank s employees and customers to the Seacoast franchise. We set out in 2006 to establish a high quality banking alternative for the Palm Beach County community. We are delighted to partner with Seacoast, a like-minded and highly respected institution with a more than 90-year history of serving Florida, said Joseph B. Shearouse, III, chairman and CEO of First Bank. Seacoast is one of the largest Florida-based community banks in the state, and its bankers understand the Palm Beach market. We know our customers will enjoy its impressive array of products and services. Following the merger, Shearouse plans to remain with Seacoast as its Palm Beach County Market President. Under the terms of the merger agreement, First Bank shareholders will receive 0.2000 shares of Seacoast common stock for each share of First Bank common stock. Based on Seacoast s closing price of $29.53 as of Nov. 18, 2019, the transaction is valued at approximately $32.9 million or $5.91 per share (which includes cashing out the First Bank options). Closing of the acquisition is expected late in the first quarter of 2020 following receipt of approvals from regulatory authorities, the approval of First Bank shareholders and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. Seacoast expects the First Bank acquisition to be more than 1.3% accretive to earnings per share in 2020 excluding one-time transaction costs, 2.0% accretive to earnings per share in 2021, and should have a tangible book value earn-back period of approximately two years using the crossover method. The transaction also is expected to provide an internal rate of return of more than 20%. Sandler O Neill & Partners, L.P. served as financial advisor and Alston & Bird LLP served as legal counsel to Seacoast. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., a Stifel Company, served as financial advisor and Gunster, Yoakley & Stewart, P.A. served as legal counsel to First Bank. Investor Conference Call Seacoast will host a conference call on November 20, 2019 at 10:00AM to discuss the acquisition. Investors may call in (toll-free) by dialing (800) 774-6070 passcode: 8461 454#. Slides will be used during the conference call and may be accessed at Seacoast's website at SeacoastBanking.com by selecting "Presentations" under the heading "News/Events." A replay of the call will be available for one month, beginning November 20, 2019, by dialing (888) 843-7419 and using passcode 8461 454#. Alternatively, individuals may listen to the live webcast of the presentation by visiting Seacoast's website at SeacoastBanking.com. The link is located on the IR Home page under the heading "Webcasts." Beginning the afternoon of November 20, 2019, an archived version of the webcast can be accessed from this same section of the website. The archived webcast will be available for one year. About Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida (NASDAQ: SBCF) Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida is one of the largest community banks headquartered in Florida with approximately $6.9 billion in assets and $5.7 billion in deposits as of September 30, 2019. The company provides integrated financial services including commercial and retail banking, wealth management, and mortgage services to customers through advanced banking solutions, and 48 traditional branches of its locally branded, wholly owned subsidiary bank, Seacoast Bank. Offices stretch from Fort Lauderdale, Boca Raton and West Palm Beach north through the Daytona Beach area, into Orlando and Central Florida and the adjacent Tampa market, and west to Okeechobee and surrounding counties. More information about the company is available at www.SeacoastBanking.com . Important Information for Investors and Shareholders This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Seacoast will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") a registration statement on Form S-4 containing a proxy statement of First Bank and a prospectus of Seacoast, and Seacoast will file other documents with the SEC with respect to the proposed merger. A definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to shareholders of First Bank. Investors and security holders of Seacoast and First Bank are urged to read the entire proxy statement/prospectus and other documents that will be filed with the SEC carefully and in their entirety when they become available because they will contain important information. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and the proxy statement/prospectus (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by Seacoast through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Seacoast will be available free of charge on Seacoast's internet website or by contacting Seacoast. Seacoast, First Bank, their respective directors and executive officers and other members of management and employees may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of Seacoast is set forth in its proxy statement for its 2019 annual meeting of shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 5, 2019 and its Current Reports on Form 8-K. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available. Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning, and protections, of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including, without limitation, statements about future financial and operating results, cost savings, enhanced revenues, economic and seasonal conditions in our markets, and improvements to reported earnings that may be realized from cost controls, tax law changes, new initiatives and for integration of banks that we have acquired, or expect to acquire, as well as statements with respect to Seacoast's objectives, strategic plans, including Vision 2020, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Seacoast to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You should not expect us to update any forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as "may," "will," "anticipate," "assume," "should," "support", "indicate," "would," "believe," "contemplate," "expect," "estimate," "continue," "further", "point to," "project," "could," "intend" or other similar words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: the effects of future economic and market conditions, including seasonality; governmental monetary and fiscal policies, as well as legislative, tax and regulatory changes; changes in accounting policies, rules and practices; the risks of changes in interest rates on the level and composition of deposits, loan demand, liquidity and the values of loan collateral, securities, and interest sensitive assets and liabilities; interest rate risks, sensitivities and the shape of the yield curve; the effects of competition from other commercial banks, thrifts, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market and other mutual funds and other financial institutions operating in our market areas and elsewhere, including institutions operating regionally, nationally and internationally, together with such competitors offering banking products and services by mail, telephone, computer and the Internet; and the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for possible loan losses. The risks relating to the proposed First Bank merger include, without limitation: the timing to consummate the proposed merger; the risk that a condition to closing of the proposed merger may not be satisfied; the risk that a regulatory approval that may be required for the proposed merger is not obtained or is obtained subject to conditions that are not anticipated; the diversion of management time on issues related to the proposed merger; unexpected transaction costs, including the costs of integrating operations; the risks that the businesses will not be integrated successfully or that such integration may be more difficult, time- consuming or costly than expected; the potential failure to fully or timely realize expected revenues and revenue synergies, including as the result of revenues following the merger being lower than expected; the risk of deposit and customer attrition; any changes in deposit mix; unexpected operating and other costs, which may differ or change from expectations; the risks of customer and employee loss and business disruption, including, without limitation, as the result of difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees; increased competitive pressures and solicitations of customers by competitors; as well as the difficulties and risks inherent with entering new markets. All written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice, including, without limitation, those risks and uncertainties described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, under "Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-looking Statements" and "Risk Factors", and otherwise in our SEC reports and filings. Such reports are available upon request from the Company, or from the Securities and Exchange Commission, including through the SEC's Internet website at http://www.sec.gov. Charles M. Shaffer Executive Vice President Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (772) 221-7003 Chuck.Shaffer@seacoastbank.com

SP Plus Corporation Agrees to Acquire Bags ---$275 Million Purchase Price for Leading Provider of Baggage Services to Airline, Airport, Hospitality and other Industries--- ---Conference Call Scheduled for Wednesday, October 17, 2018 at 8:00 am CT--- CHICAGO, Oct. 17, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- SP Plus Corporation (NASDAQ: SP) ( SP+ , SP Plus or the Company ), a leading national provider of parking, ground transportation, and related services to commercial, institutional and municipal clients throughout North America, today announced that it has entered into a definitive purchase agreement to acquire Baggage Airline Guest Services, Inc. and Home Serv Delivery, LLC, their subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "Bags"), for an all cash purchase price of $275 million. Bags is a leading provider of baggage delivery, remote airline check in, and other related services, primarily to airline, airport and hospitality clients. Bags combines exceptional customer service with innovative technologies to provide remote baggage handling and related services. Based in Orlando, FL, Bags operates in over 250 cities with approximately 3,000 full time employees. Its clients include major airlines, airports, and leading hotels and resorts. Bags handles more than 5 million checked bags annually. Bags generated approximately $145 million in revenues in 2017. G Marc Baumann, SP Plus s President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, We are very excited to enter into this purchase agreement to acquire Bags, a growing and profitable company that provides high-quality services with innovative technologies in service lines that complement our business. This acquisition will diversify the Company s service offerings and client base while providing distinct cross-selling and growth opportunities. Mr. Baumann added, The acquisition of Bags is a compelling opportunity to drive shareholder value through growth in the two companies complementary lines of business. We look forward to offering Bags services to our existing client base at airports, hospitality, and other venues, and at the same time believe many of our SP+ services will likewise appeal to Bags clients. We re confident the combined performance of these two strong companies will position us well to drive top line growth and generate strong shareholder returns. Craig Mateer, Chief Executive Officer of Bags, stated, We believe this transaction presents the ideal opportunity for the continued growth of our company. The SP+ team understands our business, and has the experience and resources to help make Bags more valuable to our clients. We look forward to continuing to deliver outstanding service and innovative, technology-driven solutions to our clients. The Company plans to finance the transaction with an expanded senior credit facility, which the Company is in the process of finalizing. The transaction, which remains subject to consummation of financing, antitrust clearance and other closing conditions, is expected to close by the end of November 2018 and, excluding transaction costs, is not expected to materially impact SP+ s fiscal 2018 results. We expect the acquisition will be accretive to cash flow in the first year post closing. Until the closing of the transaction, SP Plus and Bags will continue to operate as independent companies, and will remain committed to providing superior service to create value for their clients and customers. Investor Conference Call SP+ will host a conference call and webcast for analysts and investors today at 8:00 a.m. Central Time to discuss the transaction. To listen to the live call and review supporting slides, please log on to the Company's Investor Relations page at http://ir.spplus.com, or dial the appropriate number below. For those who cannot listen to the live broadcast, a replay will be available shortly after the call on the SP+ website and can be accessed for 30 days after the call. US/CANADA Participant Toll-Free Dial-In Number: (877) 835-5861 US/CANADA Participant International Dial-In Number: (973) 638-3335 Conference ID: 1288045 Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC acted as exclusive financial advisor and Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP acted as legal advisor to SP+. GrayRobinson, P.A. acted as legal advisor to Bags. Media Contact: ICR/Phil Denning (646) 277 1258 Phil.Denning@icrinc.com Investor Contact: ICR/Rachel Schacter (646) 277-1243 rachel.schacter@icrinc.com About SP+ SP+ provides professional parking management, ground transportation, facility maintenance, security, and event logistics services to property owners and managers in all markets of the real estate industry. The Company has more than 20,000 employees and operates approximately 3,500 facilities with 2.0 million parking spaces in hundreds of cities across North America, including parking-related and shuttle bus operations serving approximately 70 airports. SP+ is one of the leading valet operators in the nation with more four and five diamond luxury properties, including hotels and resorts, than any other valet competitor. The Company s ground transportation division transports approximately 37 million passengers each year; its facility maintenance division operates in dozens of U.S. cities; and it provides a wide range of event logistics services. For more information, visit www.spplus.com . You should not construe the information on that website to be a part of this release. SP Plus Corporation's annual reports filed on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and its current reports on Form 8-K are available on the Internet at www.sec.gov and can also be accessed through the Investor Relations section of the SP+ website. About Bags For more than 25 years, Bags has been on a mission to Make Travel Easier. From convenient luggage delivery and remote airline check-in to innovative guest services for the travel and hospitality industries, Bags combines unique offerings with unparalleled customer service to make travel less of a hassle for individuals and companies alike. With operations in more than 250 cities in the U.S. and Canada, Bags handles over five million checked bags and greets millions of guests each year. Bags proudly provides services for all major airlines, cruise lines, sea ports, renowned resorts & hotel chains, convention centers and airports across the country. See how Bags simplifies travel at www.bagsinc.com . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding expected tax and other anticipated benefits of the proposed acquisition by SP Plus of Bags, the expected timing of completion of the acquisition and other expectations, beliefs, plans, intentions and strategies of SP Plus. SP Plus has tried to identify these statements by using words such as "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "could," "should," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project" and "will" and similar terms and phrases, but such words, terms and phrases are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. These forward-looking statements are made based on management's expectations and beliefs concerning future events and are subject to uncertainties and factors relating to operations and the business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond management's control. Actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. The risks relating to the proposed acquisition include the risk that the proposed acquisition is not completed on a timely basis or at all; the risk that the tax and other benefits that SP Plus anticipates as a result of the transaction are not fully realized or take longer to realize than expected; the risk that certain risks and liabilities associated with Bags have not been discovered; the risk that antitrust clearance or any necessary third-party consents may not be obtained, that the financing may not be consummated or that other conditions to the closing of the acquisition may not be satisfied; the effects of litigation that may be filed in connection with the transaction; the effect of the acquisition on SP Plus' and Bags' relationships with their respective clients, customers, vendors and personnel; and adverse effects on the market price of SP Plus' common stock and on SP Plus operating results because of a failure to complete the transaction. The risks relating to the businesses of SP Plus and Bags generally include intense competition; changing consumer preferences that may lead to a decline in demand for the services provided by SP Plus and Bags; the ability to preserve long-term client relationships; the loss, or renewal on less favorable terms, of management contracts, leases or other contracts with clients or customers; and deterioration of general economic and business conditions or changes in demographic trends. For a detailed discussion of factors that could affect the Company's future operating results, please see the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the disclosures under "Risk Factors" in those filings. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, changed circumstances or future events or for any other reason.

FDA Approves Intra-Cellular Therapies Novel Antipsychotic, CAPLYTA (lumateperone) for the Treatment of Schizophrenia in Adults NEW YORK, Dec. 23, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. (Nasdaq:ITCI), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of therapeutics for central nervous system (CNS) disorders, today announced that CAPLYTA (lumateperone) has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults. The Company expects to initiate the commercial launch of CAPLYTA in late Q1 2020. The efficacy of CAPLYTA 42 mg was demonstrated in two placebo-controlled trials, showing a statistically significant separation from placebo on the primary endpoint, the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) total score. The most common adverse reactions ( 5% and twice the rate of placebo) for the recommended dose of CAPLYTA vs placebo were somnolence/sedation (24% vs.10%) and dry mouth (6% vs. 2%). In pooled data from short term studies, mean changes from baseline in weight gain, fasting glucose, triglycerides and total cholesterol were similar between CAPLYTA and placebo. The incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms was 6.7% for CAPLYTA and 6.3% for placebo. We believe CAPLYTA provides healthcare providers a new, safe and effective treatment option to help the millions of adult patients with schizophrenia, said Dr. Sharon Mates, Chairman and CEO of Intra-Cellular Therapies. This approval represents the culmination of years of scientific research. We are especially grateful to the patients, their caregivers, and the healthcare professionals who have contributed to the development of CAPLYTA. Schizophrenia is a serious mental illness impacting approximately 2.4 million adults in the United States. The clinical presentation of schizophrenia is diverse. Acute episodes are characterized by psychotic symptoms, including hallucinations and delusions, often requiring hospitalization. The disease is chronic and lifelong, often accompanied by depression and gradual deterioration of social functioning and cognitive ability. Patients with schizophrenia often discontinue treatment as a result of side effects such as weight gain and movement disorders. Schizophrenia is a complex disease that severely impacts patients and their families, said Jeffrey A. Lieberman, M.D., Lawrence C. Kolb Professor and Chairman of Psychiatry, Columbia University, College of Physicians and Surgeons and Director, New York State Psychiatric Institute. Effective treatment provided in a timely fashion can be game-changing for people living with schizophrenia. The efficacy and safety profile of CAPLYTA approved by the FDA, offers healthcare providers an important new option for treating people living with schizophrenia. Please also see full Prescribing Information including Boxed Warning . Important Safety Information Boxed Warning: Elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis treated with antipsychotic drugs are at an increased risk of death. CAPLYTA is not approved for the treatment of patients with dementia-related psychosis. Contraindications: CAPLYTA is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to lumateperone or any components of CAPLYTA. Warnings & Precautions: Antipsychotic drugs have been reported to cause: Cerebrovascular Adverse Reactions in Elderly Patients with Dementia-Related Psychosis , including stroke and transient ischemic attack. See BOXED WARNING above. , including stroke and transient ischemic attack. See BOXED WARNING above. Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome , which is a potentially fatal reaction. Signs and symptoms include: hyperpyrexia, muscle rigidity, delirium, autonomic instability, elevated creatinine phosphokinase, myoglobinuria (and/or rhabdomyolysis), and acute renal failure. Manage with immediate discontinuation of CAPLYTA and close monitoring. , which is a potentially fatal reaction. Signs and symptoms include: hyperpyrexia, muscle rigidity, delirium, autonomic instability, elevated creatinine phosphokinase, myoglobinuria (and/or rhabdomyolysis), and acute renal failure. Manage with immediate discontinuation of CAPLYTA and close monitoring. Tardive Dyskinesia , a syndrome of potentially irreversible, dyskinetic, and involuntary movements which may increase as the duration of treatment and total cumulative dose increases. Discontinue CAPLYTA if clinically appropriate. , a syndrome of potentially irreversible, dyskinetic, and involuntary movements which may increase as the duration of treatment and total cumulative dose increases. Discontinue CAPLYTA if clinically appropriate. Metabolic Changes , including hyperglycemia, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and weight gain. Measure weight and assess fasting plasma glucose and lipids when initiating CAPLYTA and monitor periodically during long-term treatment. , including hyperglycemia, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and weight gain. Measure weight and assess fasting plasma glucose and lipids when initiating CAPLYTA and monitor periodically during long-term treatment. Leukopenia, Neutropenia, and Agranulocytosis (including fatal cases) . Perform complete blood counts in patients with pre-existing low white blood cell count (WBC) or history of leukopenia or neutropenia. Discontinue CAPLYTA if clinically significant decline in WBC occurs in absence of other causative factors. . Perform complete blood counts in patients with pre-existing low white blood cell count (WBC) or history of leukopenia or neutropenia. Discontinue CAPLYTA if clinically significant decline in WBC occurs in absence of other causative factors. Orthostatic Hypotension and Syncope . Monitor heart rate and blood pressure and warn patients with known cardiovascular or cerebrovascular disease. . Monitor heart rate and blood pressure and warn patients with known cardiovascular or cerebrovascular disease. Falls . CAPLYTA may cause somnolence, postural hypotension, and motor and/or sensory instability, which may lead to falls and, consequently, fractures and other injuries. Assess patients for risk when using CAPLYTA. . CAPLYTA may cause somnolence, postural hypotension, and motor and/or sensory instability, which may lead to falls and, consequently, fractures and other injuries. Assess patients for risk when using CAPLYTA. Seizures . Use CAPLYTA cautiously in patients with a history of seizures or with conditions that lower seizure threshold. . Use CAPLYTA cautiously in patients with a history of seizures or with conditions that lower seizure threshold. Potential for Cognitive and Motor Impairment . Advise patients to use caution when operating machinery or motor vehicles until they are reasonably certain CAPLYTA therapy does not affect them adversely. . Advise patients to use caution when operating machinery or motor vehicles until they are reasonably certain CAPLYTA therapy does not affect them adversely. Body Temperature Dysregulation . Use CAPLYTA with caution in patients who may experience conditions that may increase core body temperature such as strenuous exercise, extreme heat, dehydration, or concomitant anticholinergics. . Use CAPLYTA with caution in patients who may experience conditions that may increase core body temperature such as strenuous exercise, extreme heat, dehydration, or concomitant anticholinergics. Dysphagia. Use CAPLYTA with caution in patients at risk for aspiration. Drug Interactions: Avoid concomitant use with CYP3A4 inducers and moderate or strong CYP3A4 inhibitors. Special Populations: Neonates exposed to antipsychotic drugs during the third trimester of pregnancy are at risk for extrapyramidal and/or withdrawal symptoms following delivery. Breastfeeding is not recommended. Avoid use in patients with moderate or severe hepatic impairment. Adverse Reactions: The most common adverse reactions in clinical trials with CAPLYTA vs. placebo were somnolence/sedation (24% vs. 10%) and dry mouth (6% vs. 2%). About CAPLYTA (lumateperone) CAPLYTA is an oral, once daily medicine approved for the treatment of schizophrenia of adults (42mg/day). The mechanism of action of CAPLYTA in the treatment of schizophrenia is unknown. However, the efficacy of CAPLYTA could be mediated through a combination of antagonist activity at central serotonin 5-HT2A receptors and postsynaptic antagonist activity at central dopamine D2 receptors. CAPLYTA is being developed for the treatment of bipolar depression, behavioral disturbances in patients with dementia, including Alzheimer's disease, depression and other neuropsychiatric and neurological disorders. CAPLYTA has not been demonstrated to be safe and effective in these other areas. CAPLYTA was approved for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in December 2019. About Intra-Cellular Therapies Intra-Cellular Therapies is developing novel drugs for the treatment of neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative diseases and diseases of the elderly, including Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease. The Company s first product, CAPLYTA, has received FDA approval for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults and is in development for the treatment of bipolar depression, behavioral disturbances in patients with dementia, including Alzheimer's disease, depression and other neuropsychiatric and neurological disorders. Intra-Cellular Therapies is also utilizing its phosphodiesterase (PDE) platform and other proprietary chemistry platforms to develop drugs for the treatment of CNS and other disorders. The lead molecule in the Company's PDE1 portfolio, ITI-214, is in development for the treatment of symptoms associated with Parkinson's disease and for the treatment of heart failure. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially different from historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things, the initiation of the commercial launch of CAPLYTA, including the timing thereof, our belief that CAPLYTA provides healthcare providers a new, safe and effective treatment option to help the millions of adult patients with schizophrenia, our estimates of the number of adults in the United States impacted by schizophrenia, the safety and efficacy of CAPLYTA and our other product candidates; the potential for CAPLYTA to benefit patients suffering from a range of neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative diseases and development efforts and plans under the caption About Intra-Cellular Therapies. All such forward-looking statements are based on management's present expectations and are subject to certain factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, outcome of events, timing and performance to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following: there are no guarantees that CAPLYTA will be commercially successful; we may encounter issues, delays or other challenges in launching or commercializing CAPLYTA; whether CAPLYTA receives adequate reimbursement from third-party payors; the degree to which CAPLYTA receives acceptance from patients and physicians for its approved indication; challenges associated with execution of our sales activities, which in each case could limit the potential of our product; results achieved in CAPLYTA in the treatment of schizophrenia once we have launched the product may be different than observed in clinical trials, and may vary among patients; risks associated with our current and planned clinical trials; we may encounter unexpected safety or tolerability issues with CAPLYTA following commercial launch for the treatment of schizophrenia or in ongoing or future trials and other development activities; our other product candidates may not be successful or may take longer and be more costly than anticipated; product candidates that appeared promising in earlier research and clinical trials may not demonstrate safety and/or efficacy in larger-scale or later clinical trials; our proposals with respect to the regulatory path for our product candidates may not be acceptable to the FDA; our reliance on collaborative partners and other third parties for development of our product candidates; and the other risk factors detailed in our public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements contained in this press release are made only as of the date of this press release, and we do not intend to update this information unless required by law. Contacts: Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. Juan Sanchez, M.D. Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations 646-440-9333 Burns McClellan, Inc. Lisa Burns jgrimaldi@burnsmc.com 212-213-0006 MEDIA INQUIRIES: Ana Fullmer Corporate Media Relations W2Owcg afullmer@wcgworld.com 202-507-0130 Source: Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc.

GreenHunter Resources and Subsidiaries File Voluntary Chapter 11 Petitions GRAPEVINE, Texas, March 01, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- GreenHunter Resources, Inc. (the Company ) (NYSE MKT:GRH) (NYSE MKT:GRH.PC), a diversified water resource, waste management, environmental services, and hydrocarbon marketing company specializing in the unconventional oil and natural gas shale resource plays within the Appalachian Basin, announced today that the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, namely, GreenHunter Water, LLC; Hunter Disposal, LLC, Ritchie Hunter Water Disposal, LLC, Hunter Hauling, LLC, White Top Oilfield Construction, LLC, Blackwater Services, LLC, Virco Realty, LLC, Little Muskingum Drilling, LLC, Blue Water Energy Solutions, LLC, GreenHunter Wheeling Barge, LLC, GreenHunter Environmental Solutions, LLC, and MAG Tank Hunter, LLC (collectively, the Filing Subsidiaries and, together with the Company, the Debtors ), filed voluntary petitions (the Bankruptcy Petitions ) for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Texas, Fort Worth Division (the Bankruptcy Court ). The Debtors have filed a motion with the Bankruptcy Court seeking joint administration of their Chapter 11 cases (the Chapter 11 Cases ) under the caption In re GreenHunter Resources, Inc., et al. The Debtors will continue to operate their businesses as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. The Debtors anticipate that they will conduct a Section 363 sale of substantially all of the Debtor s assets pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code with an anticipated closing date of May 5, 2016. In connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, on March 1, 2016, the Company filed a motion seeking Bankruptcy Court approval of debtor-in-possession financing on the terms set forth in a contemplated Debtor-in-Possession Credit Facility (the DIP Credit Facility ). The DIP Credit Facility, if approved by the Bankruptcy Court, provides for senior secured super priority term loans in the aggregate principal amount of approximately $3.5 million. About GreenHunter Resources, Inc. GreenHunter Resources, Inc., through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, GreenHunter Water, LLC, GreenHunter Environmental Solutions, LLC, and GreenHunter Hydrocarbons, LLC, provides Total Water Management Solutions /Oilfield Fluid Management Solutions in the oilfield and its shale plays of the Appalachian Basin. GreenHunter Water continues to expand its services package by increasing down-hole injection capacity with Class II salt water disposal wells and facilities, with the launch of next-generation modular above-ground frac water storage tanks (MAG Tank ), and with advanced water hauling including a growing fleet of DOT rated 407 trucks, for hauling condensates and water with the presence of condensates. GreenHunter Water has also spearheaded the movement to barge brine water, as barging is a safer and more cost-effective mode of transport than trucking or rail. For Further Information Contact: GreenHunter Resources, Inc. Investor Relations 1048 Texan Trail Grapevine, TX 76051 Tel: (469) 240-1424 restructuring@greenhunterresources.com

Xerox Wins Multi-Year Intelligent Workplace Services Contract from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts NORWALK, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Xerox (NYSE: XRX) has been awarded a multi-year, multi-million dollar contract administered by the Executive Office of Technology Services and Security (EOTSS), the Commonwealth of Massachusetts secretariat leading the digital transformation of the Executive Branch. With the agreement, Xerox will provide Intelligent Workplace Services (IWS), a Xerox offering that transcends traditional Managed Print Services to enhance security, support compliance, reduce its environmental impact and improve productivity for the 43,000 employees the EOTSS serves across the Commonwealth. Xerox will design and manage a more efficient print infrastructure for Massachusetts and will introduce Xerox AltaLink and VersaLink Multifunction Printers (MFPs), also known as workplace assistants. These MFPs are equipped with a common user interface and built-in security features that make it easier to create and share electronic documents securely, thus transforming how employees work. Security software, Xerox Workplace Suite and Xerox Image Overwrite, also will help the EOTSS and the agencies it serves manage and secure their digital assets a key priority for the Commonwealth. Xerox Workplace Suite helps govern device access, and Xerox Image Overwrite destroys confidential information stored on the hard drive of MFPs. The Executive Branch of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts is at the forefront of implementing new technologies that protect and maintain their assets and automate tasks to make them more effective, said Mike Feldman, president of Americas Operations, Xerox. Xerox will help the EOTSS engineer a smarter, more efficient print environment that will help those they serve, and by extension, the constituents in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Click to Tweet About Xerox In the era of intelligent work, we re not just thinking about the future, we re making it. Xerox Corporation is a technology leader focused on the intersection of digital and physical. We use automation and next-generation personalization to redefine productivity, drive growth and make the world more secure. Every day, our innovative technologies and intelligent work solutions Powered by Xerox help people communicate and work better. Discover more at www.xerox.com and follow us on Twitter at @Xerox. Note: To receive RSS news feeds, visit https://www.news.xerox.com. For open commentary, industry perspectives and views, visit http://twitter.com/xerox, http://www.facebook.com/XeroxCorp, https://www.instagram.com/xerox/, http://www.linkedin.com/company/xerox, http://www.youtube.com/XeroxCorp. Xerox , AltaLink , Powered by Xerox and VersaLink are trademarks of Xerox in the United States and/or other countries.

Saxena White P.A. Announces Class Action Settlement Involving All Persons Who Purchased The Publicly Traded Common Stock of HD Supply Holdings, Inc. ATLANTA, March 30, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURTNORTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA IN RE HD SUPPLY HOLDINGS, INC. SECURITIES LITIGATION Consolidated CaseNo. 1:17-cv-02587-ELR SUMMARY NOTICE OF (I) PENDENCY OF CLASS ACTION, CERTIFICATION OF SETTLEMENT CLASS, AND PROPOSED SETTLEMENT; (II) SETTLEMENT FAIRNESS HEARING; AND (III) MOTION FOR AN AWARD OF ATTORNEYS' FEESAND REIMBURSEMENT OF LITIGATION EXPENSES TO: All persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired the publicly traded common stock of HD Supply Holdings, Inc. ("HD Supply" or the "Company") from November 9, 2016 through June 5, 2017 (the "Settlement Class Period"), and were damaged thereby. A Federal Court authorized this Notice. This is not a solicitation from a lawyer. PLEASE READ THIS NOTICE CAREFULLY, YOUR RIGHTS WILL BE AFFECTED BY A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT PENDING IN THIS COURT. YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED, pursuant to Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and an Order of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, that the above-captioned litigation (the "Action") has been certified as a class action for settlement purposes only on behalf of the Settlement Class, except for certain persons and entities who are excluded from the Settlement Class by definition as set forth in the full printed Notice Of (I) Pendency Of Class Action, Certification Of Settlement Class, And Proposed Settlement; (II) Settlement Fairness Hearing; And (III) Motion For An Award Of Attorneys' Fees And Reimbursement Of Litigation Expenses (the "Notice"). YOU ARE ALSO NOTIFIED that Lead Plaintiffs in the Action have reached a proposed settlement of the Action for $50,000,000 in cash (the "Settlement"), that, if approved, will resolve all claims in the Action. A hearing will be held on July 21, 2020 at 9:30 a.m., before the Honorable Eleanor L. Ross at the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, Richard B. Russell Federal Building, 2211 United States Courthouse, 75 Ted Turner Drive, SW, Atlanta, GA 30303-3309, to determine (i) whether the proposed Settlement should be approved as fair, reasonable, and adequate; (ii) whether the Action should be dismissed with prejudice against Defendants, and the Releases specified and described in the Stipulation And Agreement Of Settlement (and in the Notice) should be granted; (iii) whether the proposed Plan of Allocation should be approved as fair and reasonable; and (iv) whether Lead Counsel's application for an award of attorneys' fees and reimbursement of Litigation Expenses should be approved. If you are a member of the Settlement Class, your rights will be affected by the pending Action and the Settlement, and you may be entitled to share in the Settlement Fund. If you have not yet received the Notice and Claim Form, you may obtain copies of these documents by contacting the Claims Administrator at In re HD Supply Holdings, Inc. Securities Litigation, P.O. Box 3076, Portland, OR 97208-3076, (833)-935-1377. Copies of the Notice and Claim Form can also be downloaded from the website maintained by the Claims Administrator, www.HDSupplySecuritiesLitigation.com. If you are a member of the Settlement Class, in order to potentially be eligible to receive a payment under the proposed Settlement, you must submit a Claim Form postmarked no later than July 18, 2020. If you are a Settlement Class Member and do not submit a proper Claim Form, you will not be eligible to share in the distribution of the net proceeds of the Settlement but you will nevertheless be bound by any judgments or orders entered by the Court in the Action. If you are a member of the Settlement Class and wish to exclude yourself from the Settlement Class, you must submit a request for exclusion such that it is received no later than June 30, 2020, in accordance with the instructions set forth in the Notice. If you properly exclude yourself from the Settlement Class, you will not be bound by any judgments or orders entered by the Court in the Action and you will not be eligible to share in the proceeds of the Settlement. Any objections to the proposed Settlement, the proposed Plan of Allocation, or Lead Counsel's motion for attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses, must be filed with the Court and delivered to representatives of Lead Counsel and Defendants' Counsel such that they are received no later than June 30, 2020, in accordance with the instructions set forth in the Notice. Please do not contact the Court, the Clerk's office, HD Supply, or its counsel regarding this notice. All questions about this notice, the proposed Settlement, or your eligibility to participate in the Settlement should be directed to Lead Counsel or the Claims Administrator. Inquiries, other than requests for the Notice and Claim Form, should be made to Lead Counsel: SAXENA WHITE P.A.Lester R. Hooker, Esq.7777 Glades Rd., Suite 300Boca Raton, FL 33434(561) 206-6708[email protected] Requests for the Notice and Claim Form should be made to: In re HD Supply Holdings, Inc. Securities Litigation P.O. Box 3076Portland, OR 97208-3076(833)-935-1377www.HDSupplySecuritiesLitigation.com[email protected] By Order of the Court SOURCE Saxena White P.A. Related Links http://www.HDSupplySecuritiesLitigation.com

Nobilis Health Announces New In Network Contract at its Largest Hospital HOUSTON, March 14, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Nobilis Health Corp. (NYSE American: HLTH) (NEO: HLTH) ("Nobilis" or the "Company") has announced today that Nobilis' First Surgical Hospital ("FSH") has entered into an in network contract ("Payor Agreement") with one of the largest commercial payors in the nation. Kenneth Efird, Nobilis' President, stated, "Bringing First Surgical Hospital, Nobilis' highest volume hospital, in network with one of the largest commercial payors enhances our ability to provide high quality, concierge care to patients and physicians in the Houston market. With this Payor Agreement each of Nobilis' 20 Texas facilities and clinics now has an in network commercial payor contract. Texas is the Company's largest market and comprises approximately 85% of system revenue." About Nobilis Health Corp. Nobilis Health (www.NobilisHealth.com) is a full-service healthcare development and management company, with more than 30 locations across Texas and Arizona, including hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, and multi-specialty clinics. In addition, Nobilis Health partners with more than 30 facilities across the country. Marketing nine independent brands, Nobilis Health deploys a unique patient acquisition strategy driven by proprietary, direct-to-consumer marketing technology, focusing on a specified set of procedures that are performed at its facilities by local physicians. Nobilis Health's business model connects patients with physicians and delivers the highest quality healthcare. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Canadian and United States securities laws, including the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts and may be identified by the use of words such as "may," "believe," "will," "expect," "project," "estimate," "anticipate," "plan" or "continue." These forward-looking statements are based on current plans and expectations and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors which could significantly affect current plans and expectations and our future financial condition and results. These factors, which could cause actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from those anticipated, include, but are not limited to our ability to successfully maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; our ability to implement our business strategy, manage the growth in our business, and integrate acquired businesses; the risk of litigation and investigations, and liability claims for damages and other expenses not covered by insurance; the risk that payments from third-party payers, including government healthcare programs, may decrease or not increase as costs increase; adverse developments affecting the medical practices of our physician limited partners; our ability to maintain favorable relations with our physician limited partners; our ability to grow revenues by increasing case and procedure volume while maintaining profitability at the Nobilis facilities; failure to timely or accurately bill for services; our ability to compete for physician partners, patients and strategic relationships; the risk of changes in patient volume and patient mix; the risk that laws and regulations that regulate payments for medical services made by government healthcare programs could cause our revenues to decrease; the risk that contracts are canceled or not renewed or that we are not able to enter into additional contracts under terms that are acceptable to us; and the risk of potential decreases in our reimbursement rates. The foregoing are significant factors we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected results. However, there could be additional factors besides those listed herein that also could affect us in an adverse manner. We have not undertaken any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All of our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the document in which they are made or, if a date is specified, as of such date. Subject to a mandatory requirements of applicable law, we disclaim any obligation or undertaking to provide any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations or any changes in events, conditions, circumstances or information on which the forward-looking statement is based. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing factors and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, filed on March 12, 2018, as updated by other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Contact Information: Tuan Tran Vice President, Investor Relations(346) 207-6342[email protected] SOURCE Nobilis Health Corp. Related Links http://www.nobilishealth.com

Aegion Corporation Awarded $6 Million Contract to Rehabilitate Large Diameter Wastewater Pipelines in East Richland County, South Carolina ST. LOUIS, July 07, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aegion Corporation (NASDAQ:AEGN) today announced that its subsidiary, Insituform Technologies , LLC, has been awarded a mainline sewer rehabilitation contract valued at $6 million in East Richland County, South Carolina. Insituform will rehabilitate more than 8,900 linear feet of sewer pipelines using 54-inch, cured-in-place (CIPP) pipe. Crews will also perform cleaning and closed-circuit TV (CCTV) activities, manhole rehabilitation, service lateral lining and bypass pumping. Other elements of the project will include several over-the-hole CIPP installations, as well as erosion control and restoration of grasses around a private golf course and temporary construction entrances. The value of this large-diameter pipeline rehabilitation project is one of the highest that has bid in South Carolina in recent years. The project is expected to begin this summer and conclude in late 2020. About Aegion Corporation (NASDAQ: AEGN) Aegion combines innovative technologies with market-leading expertise to maintain, rehabilitate and strengthen infrastructure around the world. Since 1971, the Company has played a pioneering role in finding transformational solutions to rehabilitate aging infrastructure, primarily pipelines in the wastewater, water, energy, mining and refining industries. Aegion also maintains the efficient operation of refineries and other industrial facilities. Aegion is committed to Stronger. Safer. Infrastructure . More information about Aegion can be found at https://www.aegion.com/ . Forward-Looking Statements The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. Aegion s forward-looking statements in this news release represent its beliefs or expectations about future events or financial performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Aegion and on management s beliefs, assumptions, estimates or projections and are not guarantees of future events or results. When used in this document, the words anticipate, estimate, believe, plan, intend, may, will and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Such statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those referred to in the Risk Factors section of Aegion s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2020, and in subsequently filed documents, and, in particular, the impact of the current COVID-19 virus outbreak and the evolving response thereto. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events may not occur. In addition, Aegion s actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, suggested or projected. Except as required by law, Aegion does not assume a duty to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Investors should, however, review additional disclosures made by Aegion from time to time in Aegion s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please use caution and do not place reliance on forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements made by Aegion in this news release are qualified by these cautionary statements. Aegion and the Aegion logo are the registered trademarks of Aegion Corporation and its affiliates. For more information, contact: Katie Cason Senior Vice President, Strategy and Communications 636-530-8000 | kcason@aegion.com

Array BioPharma Announces FDA Approval of BRAFTOVI (encorafenib) in Combination with MEKTOVI (binimetinib) Approval based on Phase 3 COLUMBUS trial which demonstrated nearly 15 months median progression free survival BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI now available for patients with advanced BRAF mutant melanoma BOULDER, Colo., June 27, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Array BioPharma Inc. (Nasdaq: ARRY) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BRAFTOVI capsules in combination with MEKTOVI tablets for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with a BRAFV600E or BRAFV600K mutation, as detected by an FDA-approved test. BRAFTOVI is not indicated for the treatment of patients with wild-type BRAF melanoma. View original content with multimedia: https://www.multivu.com/players/English/8336151-array-biopharma-braftovi-mektovi-fda-approval/ "We are thrilled with the approval of BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI, which help fill a critical unmet need for patients with advanced BRAF-mutant melanoma, a serious and deadly type of skin cancer," said Ron Squarer, Chief Executive Officer, Array BioPharma. "As presented at ASCO, BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI is the first targeted treatment to demonstrate over 30 months median overall survival in a Phase 3 trial. These products represent a new standard of care for BRAF-mutant melanoma patients and we sincerely thank the patients and dedicated researchers who participated in our clinical program." BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI are now available to order through select specialty pharmacies in the U.S. market. "Despite recent advances, there remains a significant unmet need for treatments that are both effective and well-tolerated for patients with BRAF-mutant melanoma," said Keith T. Flaherty, M.D., Director of the Termeer Center for Targeted Therapy, Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center and Professor of Medicine, Harvard Medical School. "Now, physicians and patients have the option to consider treatment with BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI, which has been shown to delay disease progression, improve overall survival and is generally well-tolerated." "Nearly half of patients diagnosed with metastatic melanoma test positive for the BRAF mutation," said Valerie Guild, Co-Founder and President of the AIM at Melanoma Foundation. "Today's approval is welcome news for the melanoma community as it arms BRAF-mutant late-stage melanoma patients with an important new targeted treatment in their fight against this devastating disease." The approval of BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI is based on results from the Phase 3 COLUMBUS trial, which demonstrated the combination doubled median progression-free survival (mPFS) compared to vemurafenib, alone (14.9 months versus 7.3 months, respectively [HR (0.54), (95% CI 0.41-0.71), p<0.0001]). Only 5% of patients who received BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI discontinued treatment due to adverse reactions. The most common adverse reactions ( 25%) in patients receiving BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI were fatigue, nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal pain, and arthralgia. As announced in February 2018, BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI reduced the risk of death compared to treatment with vemurafenib 960 mg daily [hazard ratio (HR) of 0.61, [95% CI 0.47, 0.79, p <0.001] in the planned analysis of overall survival (OS) from the COLUMBUS trial. Median OS was 33.6 months for patients treated with the combination, compared to 16.9 months for patients treated with vemurafenib as a monotherapy. These positive results add to the growing body of clinical evidence supporting the BRAF/MEK inhibitor combination therapy and Array and its partners are working to formally submit these results with global regulatory authorities. Array BioPharma is committed to providing access and reimbursement support to all patients. Array offers a $0 copay for eligible, commercially-insured patients. For more information about treatment of BRAFTOVI in combination with MEKTOVI, visit www.braftovimektovi.com. The full prescribing information for BRAFTOVI can be found here:http://www.arraybiopharma.com/documents/Braftovi_Prescribing_information.pdf The full prescribing information for MEKTOVI can be found here:http://www.arraybiopharma.com/documents/Mektovi_Prescribing_information.pdf About BRAF-mutant Metastatic MelanomaMelanoma develops when unrepaired DNA damage to skin cells triggers mutations that may lead them to multiply and form malignant tumors. Metastatic melanoma is the most serious and life-threatening type of skin cancer and is associated with low survival rates. [1, 2] There are a variety of gene mutations that can lead to metastatic melanoma. The most common genetic mutation in metastatic melanoma is BRAF. There are about 200,000 new cases of melanoma diagnosed worldwide each year, approximately half of which have BRAF mutations, a key target in the treatment of metastatic melanoma. [1, 3, 4, 5] About BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI BRAFTOVI is an oral small molecule BRAF kinase inhibitor and MEKTOVI is an oral small molecule MEK inhibitor which target key enzymes in the MAPK signaling pathway (RAS-RAF-MEK-ERK). Inappropriate activation of proteins in this pathway has been shown to occur in many cancers including melanoma, colorectal cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, thyroid and others. In the U.S., BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI are approved for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma with a BRAFV600E or BRAFV600K mutation, as detected by an FDA-approved test. BRAFTOVI is not indicated for treatment of patients with wild-type BRAF melanoma. Array has exclusive rights to BRAFTOVI and MEKTOVI in the U.S. and Canada. Array has granted Ono Pharmaceutical exclusive rights to commercialize both products in Japan and South Korea and Pierre Fabre exclusive rights to commercialize both products in all other countries, including Europe, Asia and Latin America. BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI are not approved outside of the U.S. The European Medicines Agency (EMA), as well as the Swiss Medicines Agency (Swissmedic) and the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA), are currently reviewing the Marketing Authorization Applications submitted by Pierre Fabre, and Japan's Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency has accepted the Manufacturing and Marketing Approval applications submitted by Ono Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd. About COLUMBUS The COLUMBUS trial (NCT01909453) is a two-part, international, randomized, open label Phase 3 trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of BRAFTOVI (encorafenib) in combination with MEKTOVI (binimetinib) compared to vemurafenib and encorafenib monotherapy in 921 patients with locally advanced, unresectable or metastatic melanoma with BRAFV600 mutation. All secondary efficacy analyses, including overall survival, are descriptive in nature. Over 200 sites across North America, Europe, South America, Africa, Asia and Australia participated in the trial. Indications and UsageBRAFTOVI (encorafenib) and MEKTOVI (binimetinib) are kinase inhibitors indicated for use in combination for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with a BRAFV600E or BRAFV600K mutation, as detected by an FDA-approved test. Limitations of Use: BRAFTOVI is not indicated for the treatment of patients with wild-type BRAF melanoma. BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI Important Safety Information The information below applies to the safety of the combination of BRAFTOVI and MEKTOVI unless otherwise noted. Warnings and PrecautionsNew Primary Malignancies: New primary malignancies, cutaneous and non-cutaneous malignancies can occur. In the COLUMBUS trial, cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma, including keratoacanthoma, occurred in 2.6% and basal cell carcinoma occurred in 1.6% of patients. Perform dermatologic evaluations prior to initiating treatment, every 2 months during treatment, and for up to 6 months following discontinuation of treatment. Discontinue BRAFTOVI for RAS mutation-positive non-cutaneous malignancies. Tumor Promotion in BRAF Wild-Type Tumors: Confirm evidence of BRAFV600E or BRAFV600K mutation prior to initiating BRAFTOVI. Cardiomyopathy: In the COLUMBUS trial, cardiomyopathy occurred in 7% and Grade 3 left ventricular dysfunction occurred in 1.6% of patients. Cardiomyopathy resolved in 87% of patients. Assess left ventricular ejection fraction by echocardiogram or MUGA scan prior to initiating treatment, 1 month after initiating treatment, and then every 2 to 3 months during treatment. The safety has not been established in patients with a baseline ejection fraction that is either below 50% or below the institutional lower limit of normal. Venous Thromboembolism (VTE): In the COLUMBUS trial, VTE occurred in 6% of patients, including 3.1% of patients who developed pulmonary embolism. Hemorrhage: In the COLUMBUS trial, hemorrhage occurred in 19% of patients and Grade 3 hemorrhage occurred in 3.2% of patients. Fatal intracranial hemorrhage in the setting of new or progressive brain metastases occurred in 1.6% of patients. Ocular Toxicities: In the COLUMBUS trial, serous retinopathy occurred in 20% of patients; 8% were retinal detachment and 6% were macular edema. Symptomatic serous retinopathy occurred in 8% of patients with no cases of blindness. In patients with BRAF mutation-positive melanoma across multiple clinical trials, 0.1% of patients experienced retinal vein occlusion (RVO). Permanently discontinue MEKTOVI in patients with documented RVO. In COLUMBUS, uveitis, including iritis and iridocyclitis, was reported in 4% of patients. Assess for visual symptoms at each visit. Perform ophthalmic evaluation at regular intervals and for any visual disturbances. Interstitial Lung Disease (ILD): ILD, including pneumonitis, occurred in 0.3% of patients with BRAF mutation-positive melanoma across multiple clinical trials. Assess new or progressive unexplained pulmonary symptoms or findings for possible ILD. Hepatotoxicity: In the COLUMBUS trial, the incidence of Grade 3 or 4 increases in liver function laboratory tests was 6% for alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and 2.6% for aspartate aminotransferase (AST). Monitor liver laboratory tests before and during treatment and as clinically indicated. Rhabdomyolysis: In the COLUMBUS trial, elevation of laboratory values of serum creatine phosphokinase (CPK) occurred in 58% of patients. Rhabdomyolysis was reported in 0.1% of patients with BRAF mutation-positive melanoma across multiple clinical trials. Monitor CPK periodically and as clinically indicated. QTc Prolongation: In the COLUMBUS trial, an increase in QTcF to >500 ms was measured in 0.5% (1/192) of patients. Monitor patients who already have or who are at significant risk of developing QTc prolongation. Correct hypokalemia and hypomagnesemia prior to and during BRAFTOVI administration. Withhold, reduce dose, or permanently discontinue for QTc >500 ms. Embryo-Fetal Toxicity: BRAFTOVI or MEKTOVI can cause fetal harm when administered to pregnant women. Nonhormonal contraceptives should be used during treatment and for at least 30 days after the final dose for patients taking BRAFTOVI + MEKTOVI. Adverse ReactionsThe most common adverse reactions ( 20%, all Grades, in the COLUMBUS trial) were: fatigue, nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal pain, arthralgia, myopathy, hyperkeratosis, rash, headache, constipation, visual impairment, serous retinopathy. In the COLUMBUS Trial, the most common laboratory abnormalities ( 20%, all Grades) included: increased creatinine, increased CPK, increased gamma glutamyl transferase, anemia, increased ALT, hyperglycemia, increased AST, and increased alkaline phosphatase. Drug interactionsAvoid concomitant use of strong or moderate CYP3A4 inhibitors or inducers and sensitive CYP3A4 substrates with BRAFTOVI. Modify BRAFTOVI dose if concomitant use of strong or moderate CYP3A4 inhibitors cannot be avoided. Please see full Prescribing Information for BRAFTOVI and full Prescribing Information for MEKTOVI for additional information. You may report side effects to the FDA at (800) FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch. You may also report side effects to Array at 1-844-Rx-Array (1-844-792-7729). About Array BioPharma Array BioPharma Inc. is a fully-integrated, biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of safe and effective targeted small molecule drugs to treat patients afflicted with cancer and other conditions. Array markets in the United States BRAFTOVITM (encorafenib) capsules in combination with MEKTOVI (binimetinib) tablets for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with a BRAFV600E or BRAFV600K mutation. Array's lead clinical programs, encorafenib and binimetinib, are being investigated in over 30 clinical trials across a number of solid tumor indications, including a Phase 3 trial in BRAF-mutant colorectal cancer. Array's pipeline includes several additional advanced programs including selumetinib (partnered with AstraZeneca), larotrectinib (partnered with Loxo Oncology), ipatasertib (partnered with Genentech), tucatinib (partnered with Seattle Genetics) and ARRY-797 (being developed by Yarra Therapeutics, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Array), all of which are currently in registration trials. Ganovo (danoprevir, partnered with Roche) was recently approved in China for the treatment of viral hepatitis C. For more information on Array, please visit www.arraybiopharma.com or follow @arraybiopharma on Twitter and LinkedIn. References 1 Melanoma Skin Cancer. American Cancer Society. Available at: https://www.cancer.org/cancer/melanoma-skin-cancer.html. Accessed January 2018. 2 A Snapshot of Melanoma. National Cancer Institute. Available at: https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/melan.html. Accessed January 2018. 3 Globocan 2012: Estimated Cancer Incidence, Mortality and Prevalence Worldwide in 2012. http://globocan.iarc.fr/Pages/fact_sheets_population.aspx. Accessed January 2018. 4 Klein O, et al. Eur J Cancer, 2013. 5 American Cancer Society. What Causes Melanoma Skin Cancer? 2016. https://www.cancer.org/cancer/melanoma-skin-cancer/causes-risks-prevention/what-causes.html. Accessed April 11, 2018.6 BRAFTOVI (encorafenib) Prescribing Information. Array BioPharma Inc., June 2018 7 MEKTOVI (binimetinib) Prescribing Information. Array BioPharma Inc., June 2018 Array BioPharma Forward-Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, among others, statements about the future development plans of encorafenib and binimetinib; expectations that events will occur that will create greater value for Array; and the potential for the results of current and future clinical trials to support regulatory approval or the marketing success of encorafenib and binimetinib. Because these statements reflect our current expectations concerning future events and involve significant risks and uncertainties, our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, the potential that the FDA, EMA or other regulatory agencies determine results from clinical trials are not sufficient to support registration or marketing approval of encorafenib and binimetinib; our ability to effectively and timely conduct clinical trials in light of increasing costs and difficulties in locating appropriate trial sites and in enrolling patients who meet the criteria for certain clinical trials; risks associated with our dependence on third-party service providers to successfully conduct clinical trials and to manufacture drug substance and product within and outside the U.S.; our ability to grow and successfully develop commercialization capabilities; our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and maintain sufficient cash resources; and our ability to attract and retain experienced scientists and management. Additional information concerning these and other risk factors can be found in our most recent annual report filed on Form 10-K, in our quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q, and in other reports filed by Array with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We are providing this information as of June 27, 2018. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of events or circumstances after the date of such statements or of anticipated or unanticipated events that alter any assumptions underlying such statements. BRAFTOVI is a trademark of Array BioPharma Inc. MEKTOVI is a registered trademark of Array BioPharma Inc. in the United States and various other countries. CONTACTS:Investor RelationsArray BioPharma Andrea N. Flynn, Ph.D.Senior Director, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications(303) 381-6600[email protected] MediaY&R PRErika Hackmann, Media Relations(917) 538-3375 [email protected] SOURCE Array BioPharma Inc. Related Links http://www.arraybiopharma.com

Alligator Bioscience Increases Focus on Clinical Development LUND, Sweden, April 7, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Alligator Bioscience (Nasdaq Stockholm: ATORX) , announced today that the company has decided to increase its focus on the clinical development portfolio. In order to secure value for its clinical drug candidates, Alligator will reduce investments in non-clinical activities. This includes certain staff reductions. Alligator will retain its innovation platform and discovery research to secure the long-term development of the company. These measures will result in an annual cost reduction of over SEK 80 million, allowing the company to be financed for another 18 months. There are also cost savings undertaken in the clinical programs without affecting value generation. As a consequence of the new strategy, Alligator will today give notice of employee reductions impacting 12 positions, corresponding to over 20 percent of the company's personnel, and the company will initiate negotiations with union representatives. "We will now concentrate Alligator's resources on the projects where they create the greatest value near term. This means that our available funds support development of our clinical programs without losing speed. We believe it is of greatest importance for the long-term value of the company to keep our cutting-edge expertise in drug discovery", said Per Norl n, CEO of Alligator Bioscience. The ongoing covid-19 pandemic has imposed a major burden on our health care sector and as a consequence the ability to run clinical studies is temporarily limited. The clinical studies for ATOR-1015 and ATOR-1017 continue even if patient recruitment is expected to be temporarily affected. It is currently too early to estimate how it affects our study completion timelines. The cost reduction measures announced, together with a potentially slower recruitment to the clinical studies, is estimated to reduce the company's annual running cost by over 35 percent, from approximately SEK 230 million to less than SEK 150 million. Alligator's clinical development portfolio consists of four different drug candidates, all for the treatment of metastasized cancer. Mitazalimab has completed Phase I trials and is ready to enter Phase II clinical studies. ATOR-1015 and ATOR-1017 are in ongoing phase I dose-finding studies. AC101, which is run by the Chinese company Shanghai Henlius, is also in clinical phase I. As earlier communicated, ALG.APV-527 is on hold awaiting a partner to take it into clinical development. ATOR-1144 and other early research projects will be packaged for out-licensing. The change announced today in operations is expected to be fully implemented by the third quarter of 2020. Alligator will host a conference call today at 2:00 p.m. CEST for investors, analysts and media, where CEO Per Norl n will present and comment on the change in operations and the future development of the company. The conference will be held in English. All necessary information to listen-in and ask questions are available on the following link:https://tv.streamfabriken.com/2020-04-07-alligator-bioscience-press-conference This information is such information Alligator Bioscience AB (publ) is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, at 9:00 a.m. CEST on 7 April 2020. About Alligator Bioscience Alligator Bioscience AB is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing tumor-directed immuno-oncology antibody drugs. Alligator's growing pipeline includes six lead clinical and preclinical drug candidates: mitazalimab (ADC-1013), ATOR-1015, ATOR-1017, ALG.APV-527 (co-developed with Aptevo Therapeutics Inc.), ATOR-1144 and AC101 (in clinical development by Shanghai Henlius Biotech Inc.). Alligator's shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (ATORX). The Company is headquartered in Lund, Sweden, and has approximately 55 employees. For more information, please visit www.alligatorbioscience.com. For further information, please contact:Per Norl n, CEOPhone: +46-46-540-82-00E-mail: [email protected]Cecilia Hofvander, Director Investor Relations & CommunicationsPhone +46-46-540-82-06E-mail: [email protected] This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com https://news.cision.com/alligator-bioscience/r/alligator-bioscience-increases-focus-on-clinical-development,c3082842 The following files are available for download: https://mb.cision.com/Main/12681/3082842/1225613.pdf Alligator Bioscience increases focus on clinical development SOURCE Alligator Bioscience

Jacobs Receives Extension to Hanford Plateau Remediation Contract U.S. Department of Energy announces intention to extend Plateau Remediation Contract DALLAS, Sept. 11, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Jacobs (NYSE:JEC) has been notified of the U.S. Department of Energy Richland Operation Office's intent to extend the Plateau Remediation Contract for continued environmental remediation cleanup along the Columbia River and selected portions of the Hanford site. The Plateau Remediation Contract is managed by Jacobs-owned CH2M Hill Plateau Remediation Company and is currently set to expire on Sept. 30, 2019. The extension will run up to 12 months, beginning Oct. 1, 2019, to Sept. 30, 2020. "Jacobs will continue to deliver safe and efficient progress on the Hanford Plateau Remediation Contract during this period of change," said Jacobs Aerospace, Technology and Nuclear Senior Vice President Karen Wiemelt. "We remain committed to the Department of Energy and the Tri-Cities community in delivering results that are protective of the environment and community at the Hanford site through 2020 and beyond." The extension will allow work to continue while the acquisition process for follow-on procurements progresses and will be utilized only if needed after award of new contracts and transition periods. "This decision will allow our team to complete important risk reduction efforts along the River Corridor and on the Central Plateau," said CH2M Hill Plateau Remediation President and CEO Ty Blackford. "This will include advancing work to remove highly radioactive soil beneath the 324 Building and move cesium and strontium capsules out of Waste Encapsulation and Storage Facilities (WESF) to dry storage." Jacobs leads the global professional services sector providing solutions for a more connected, sustainable world. With approximately $12 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 50,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of services including scientific, technical, professional and construction- and program-management for business, industrial, commercial, government and infrastructure sectors. For more information, visit www.jacobs.com, and connect with Jacobs on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking statements as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided by the same. Statements made in this release that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. We base these forward-looking statements on management's current estimates and expectations as well as currently available competitive, financial and economic data. Forward-looking statements, however, are inherently uncertain. There are a variety of factors that could cause business results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. For a description of some additional factors that may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 2018, and in particular the discussions contained under Item 1 - Business; Item 1A - Risk Factors; Item 3 - Legal Proceedings; and Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 29, 2019, and in particular the discussions contained under Part I, Item 2 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; Part II, Item 1 - Legal Proceedings; and Part II, Item 1A - Risk Factors, as well as the Company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company is not under any duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this press release to conform to actual results, except as required by applicable law. For press/media inquiries:Kerrie Sparks214.583.8433 SOURCE Jacobs Related Links http://www.jacobs.com

Thermo Fisher Scientific to Acquire QIAGEN N.V. Expands specialty diagnostics portfolio with attractive molecular diagnostics capabilities, including infectious disease testing Complements leading life sciences offering with innovative sample preparation, assay and bioinformatics technologies Creates significant value and is expected to be immediately accretive to adjusted earnings per share after close WALTHAM, Mass. and VENLO, Netherlands, March 3, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE: TMO), the world leader in serving science, and QIAGEN N.V. (NYSE: QGEN; Frankfurt Prime Standard: QIA), a leading global provider of molecular diagnostics and sample preparation technologies, today announced that their boards of directors, as well as the managing board of QIAGEN N.V., have unanimously approved Thermo Fisher's proposal to acquire QIAGEN for 39 per share in cash. The offer price represents a premium of approximately 23% to the closing price of QIAGEN's common stock on the Frankfurt Prime Standard on March 2, 2020, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the transaction. Thermo Fisher will commence a tender offer to acquire all of the ordinary shares of QIAGEN. (PRNewsfoto/Thermo Fisher Scientific) The transaction values QIAGEN at approximately $11.5 billion at current exchange rates, which includes the assumption of approximately $1.4 billion of net debt. "We are excited to bring together our complementary offerings to advance our customers' important work, from discovery to diagnostics," said Marc N. Casper, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Thermo Fisher Scientific. "This acquisition provides us with the opportunity to leverage our industry-leading capabilities and R&D expertise to accelerate innovation and address emerging healthcare needs. For shareholders, we expect the transaction to be immediately accretive and to generate significant cost and revenue synergies." QIAGEN is a leading provider of life science and molecular diagnostic solutions and employs approximately 5,100 people at 35 locations in more than 25 countries. The company generated 2019 revenue of $1.53 billion. Its sample preparation technologies are used to extract, isolate and purify DNA, RNA and proteins from a wide range of biological samples. The company's assay technologies are then used to amplify and enrich these biomolecules to make them readily accessible for analysis. In addition, QIAGEN's instruments can be used to automate these workflows, while its bioinformatics systems provide customers with relevant, actionable insights."Our vision at QIAGEN has always been to make improvements in life possible with our differentiated Sample to Insight molecular testing solutions," said Thierry Bernard, interim chief executive officer of QIAGEN N.V. and senior vice president, head of the molecular diagnostics business area. "This strategic step with Thermo Fisher will enable us to enter a promising new era and will give our employees the opportunity to have an even greater impact. The combination is designed to deliver significant cash value to our shareholders, while enabling us to accelerate the expansion of our solutions to provide customers worldwide with breakthroughs that advance our knowledge about the science of life and improve health outcomes."Casper concluded, "We look forward to welcoming QIAGEN's employees to Thermo Fisher and are excited about the new opportunities we'll have to advance precision medicine through new molecular diagnostics and improved life sciences workflows."Benefits of the Transaction Expands Specialty Diagnostics Portfolio with Attractive Molecular Diagnostics Capabilities, Including Infectious Disease Testing. Thermo Fisher has built leading specialty diagnostics capabilities, including allergy and autoimmunity, transplant diagnostics and clinical oncology testing. QIAGEN has a strong presence in molecular diagnostics with a product portfolio focused on infectious disease and other growth opportunities. The combined company will accelerate the development of higher-specificity, faster and more comprehensive tests that may improve patient outcomes and reduce the cost of care. Complementary Offering Enhances Unique Value Proposition for Life Sciences Customers. For life sciences researchers, QIAGEN's innovative sample preparation, assay and bioinformatics technologies are complementary to Thermo Fisher's genetic analysis and biosciences capabilities. As an example, with an expanded portfolio, Thermo Fisher will be able to provide research customers with broader capabilities to accelerate discovery and enable scientific breakthroughs. Commercial and Geographic Reach Expand Customer Access. Thermo Fisher will be able to leverage its extensive commercial reach, including its Fisher Scientific customer channels and comprehensive e-commerce platforms, to expand customer access to QIAGEN's product portfolio. Furthermore, given Thermo Fisher's leading presence in high-growth and emerging markets, QIAGEN will be able to further penetrate these regions.Delivers Attractive Financial Benefits through the PPI Business System, Including Proven Integration Approach. The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to Thermo Fisher's adjusted EPS after close. Thermo Fisher expects to realize total synergies of $200 million by year three following the close, consisting of $150 million of cost synergies and $50 million of adjusted operating income1 benefit from revenue synergies. Financing and ApprovalsThe transaction, which is expected to be completed in the first half of 2021, is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the receipt of applicable regulatory approvals, the adoption of certain resolutions relating to the transaction at an Extraordinary General Meeting of QIAGEN's shareholders, and completion of the tender offer.Thermo Fisher has obtained committed bridge financing. Permanent funding is expected to come from cash on hand and the issuance of new debt. The transaction is not subject to any financing condition. Advisors J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are serving as financial advisors to Thermo Fisher, and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz is serving as legal counsel. For QIAGEN, Goldman Sachs International is serving as lead financial advisor and Barclays Bank PLC is serving as financial advisor, while De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek NV, Linklaters LLP and Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo P.C. are serving as legal counsel. Conference Call and WebcastThermo Fisher will host a conference call and webcast at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time today to provide more information on this announcement. The webcast and accompanying slides can be accessed in the Investors section of www.thermofisher.com. An audio archive of the call will be available in that section of the website until March 17, 2020. Conference Call Dial-In: Domestic: (877) 680-7924 International: (647) 689-5468 Conference ID: 5953988Replay Dial-In: Dial-In: (800) 585-8367 or (416) 621-4642Conference ID: 5953988Use of Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresIn addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), Thermo Fisher uses certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EPS and adjusted operating income, which exclude certain acquisition-related costs, including charges for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition and significant transaction costs; restructuring and other costs/income; and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. Adjusted EPS also excludes certain other gains and losses that are either isolated or cannot be expected to occur again with any regularity or predictability, tax provisions/benefits related to the previous items, benefits from tax credit carryforwards, the impact of significant tax audits or events and the results of discontinued operations. Thermo Fisher excludes the above items because they are outside of the company's normal operations and/or, in certain cases, are difficult to forecast accurately for future periods. Thermo Fisher believes that the use of non-GAAP measures helps investors to gain a better understanding of the company's core operating results and future prospects, consistent with how management measures and forecasts the company's performance, especially when comparing such results to previous periods or forecasts.About Thermo FisherThermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE: TMO) is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies or increasing productivity in their laboratories, we are here to support them. Our global team of more than 75,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services and Patheon. For more information, please visit www.thermofisher.com. About QIAGEN QIAGEN N.V., a Netherlands-based holding company, is the leading global provider of Sample to Insight solutions that enable customers to gain valuable molecular insights from samples containing the building blocks of life. Our sample technologies isolate and process DNA, RNA and proteins from blood, tissue and other materials. Assay technologies make these biomolecules visible and ready for analysis. Bioinformatics software and knowledge bases interpret data to report relevant, actionable insights. Automation solutions tie these together in seamless and cost-effective workflows. QIAGEN provides solutions to more than 500,000 customers around the world in Molecular Diagnostics (human healthcare) and Life Sciences (academia, pharma R&D and industrial applications, primarily forensics). As of December 31, 2019, QIAGEN employed approximately 5,100 people in over 35 locations worldwide. Further information can be found at http://www.qiagen.com. Forward-looking StatementsThis communication contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Words such as "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "seeks," "estimates," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but other statements that are not historical facts may also be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties relating to: the need to develop new products and adapt to significant technological change; implementation of strategies for improving growth; general economic conditions and related uncertainties, including the impact of public health epidemics; dependence on customers' capital spending policies and government funding policies; the effect of economic and political conditions and exchange rate fluctuations; use and protection of intellectual property; the effect of changes in governmental regulations; and the effect of laws and regulations governing government contracts, as well as the possibility that expected benefits related to recent or pending acquisitions, including the proposed transaction, may not materialize as expected; the proposed transaction not being timely completed, if completed at all; regulatory approvals required for the transaction not being timely obtained, if obtained at all, or being obtained subject to conditions; prior to the completion of the transaction, QIAGEN's business experiencing disruptions due to transaction-related uncertainty or other factors making it more difficult to maintain relationships with employees, customers, licensees, other business partners or governmental entities; difficulty retaining key employees; the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed transaction; and the parties being unable to successfully implement integration strategies or to achieve expected synergies and operating efficiencies within the expected time-frames or at all. Additional important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements are set forth in Thermo Fisher's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, which is on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and available in the "Investors" section of Thermo Fisher's website, ir.thermofisher.com, under the heading "SEC Filings," and in any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other documents Thermo Fisher files with the SEC, and in QIAGEN's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2019, which is on file with the SEC and available in the "Investor Relations" section of QIAGEN's website, corporate.qiagen.com/investor-relations, under the heading "Financial Reports," and in any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 6-K and other documents QIAGEN files or furnishes with the SEC. While Thermo Fisher or QIAGEN may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Thermo Fisher and QIAGEN specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if estimates change and, therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing either Thermo Fisher's or QIAGEN's views as of any date subsequent to today.Additional Information and Where to Find itThe tender offer referenced herein has not yet commenced. This communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any ordinary shares of QIAGEN or any other securities, nor is it a substitute for the tender offer materials that Thermo Fisher or its acquisition subsidiary will file with the SEC and publish in Germany. The terms and conditions of the tender offer will be published in, and the offer to purchase ordinary shares of QIAGEN will be made only pursuant to, the offer document and related offer materials prepared by Thermo Fisher and its acquisition subsidiary and as approved by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt f r Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, "BaFin"). Once the necessary permission from BaFin has been obtained, the offer document and related offer materials will be published in Germany and also filed with the SEC in a tender offer statement on Schedule TO at the time the tender offer is commenced. QIAGEN intends to file a solicitation/recommendation statement on Schedule 14D-9 with the SEC with respect to the tender offer; in addition, QIAGEN will publish a document combining the recommendation statement pursuant to Sec. 27 of the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und bernahmegesetz, Wp G) and the position statement (gemotiveerde standpuntbepaling) pursuant to Section 18 and appendix G of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeovers (Besluit Openbare Biedingen). The offer document for the tender offer (in German and in English) containing the detailed terms and conditions of, and other information relating to, the tender offer will, among other things, be published on the internet at https://corporate.thermofisher.com/en/offer.html. Acceptance of the tender offer by shareholders that are resident outside Germany and the United States may be subject to further legal requirements. With respect to the acceptance of the tender offer outside Germany and the United States, no responsibility is assumed for the compliance with such legal requirements applicable in the respective jurisdiction.THE TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING AN OFFER TO PURCHASE, A RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND CERTAIN OTHER TENDER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT ON SCHEDULE 14D-9, AS THEY MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, AS WELL AS QIAGEN'S RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SEC. 27 WP G AND position statement (gemotiveerde standpuntbepaling) pursuant to Section 18 and appendix G of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeovers (Besluit Openbare Biedingen) WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. INVESTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS OF QIAGEN ARE URGED TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY, AND NOT THIS DOCUMENT, WILL GOVERN THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER OFFER, AND BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT SUCH PERSONS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING THEIR ORDINARY SHARES. The tender offer materials, including the offer to purchase and the related letter of transmittal and certain other tender offer documents, and the solicitation/recommendation statement (when they become available) and other documents filed with the SEC by Thermo Fisher or QIAGEN, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or at QIAGEN's website at www.qiagen.com or by contacting QIAGEN's investor relations department at 240-686-2222 or at Thermo Fisher's website at www.thermofisher.com or by contacting Thermo Fisher's investor relations department at 781-622-1111. In addition, Thermo Fisher's tender offer statement and other documents it will file with the SEC will be available at https://ir.thermofisher.com/investors. Furthermore, copies of the offer document will also be available free of charge at the information agent to be identified in the offer document.1 Adjusted earnings per share and adjusted operating income are non-GAAP measures that exclude certain items detailed later in this press release under the heading "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures."Thermo Fisher Media Contact Information: Karen Kirkwood Phone: 781-622-1306 E-mail: [email protected] Website: www.thermofisher.com QIAGEN Media Contact Information: Dr. Thomas Theuringer Phone: +49 2103 29 11826 E-mail: [email protected] Website: www.QIAGEN.com Thermo Fisher Investor Contact Information: Ken Apicerno Phone: 781-622-1294 E-mail: [email protected]QIAGEN Investor Contact Information: John Gilardi Phone: +49 2103 29 11711 E-mail: [email protected] SOURCE Thermo Fisher Scientific Related Links http://www.thermofisher.com

AnGes and Brickell Biotech Announce a Collaboration Agreement for the Development of a Novel DNA Vaccine Candidate for COVID-19 in the U.S. Advancement of the U.S. based program will be dependent upon results generated from AnGes ongoing and planned clinical studies in Japan IBARAKI CITY, Osaka and BOULDER, Colo., Sept. 08, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AnGes, Inc. ( AnGes ), announced today a collaboration agreement with Brickell Biotech, Inc. ( Brickell ) (Nasdaq: BBI), a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company, through which Brickell has the right to develop AnGes proprietary investigational adjuvanted plasmid DNA vaccine intended to prevent SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) in the U.S., South America and certain emerging markets. AnGes is currently conducting Phase 1/2 clinical studies with its vaccine candidate in Japan, with data readouts expected through the first quarter of 2021. The results from these studies will guide AnGes and Brickell s global development efforts of this novel vaccine candidate. We are pleased to enter into this collaboration agreement with Brickell in which we intend to leverage know-how, data and capabilities that Brickell acquired through its merger last year with another vaccine company, said Ei Yamada, President and Chief Executive Officer of AnGes. This collaboration also provides the opportunity to expand our vaccine candidate into additional markets outside of Japan. Under the terms of this agreement, AnGes will continue to lead the development of its vaccine candidate in Japan and Brickell will provide information and know-how that could be relevant to such development efforts. In exchange for this, Brickell has received the right to develop and, if approved, commercialize AnGes DNA vaccine in the U.S. and certain underserved countries. We are excited by the opportunity to work with AnGes, a leading vaccine developer in Japan, to potentially bring a COVID-19 vaccine to the U.S. and other countries to help address the global pandemic. AnGes is at the forefront of developing a vaccine for COVID-19 and was the first company in Japan to initiate a COVID-19 vaccine clinical study, commented Robert Brown, Chief Executive Officer of Brickell. While Brickell remains firmly focused on initiating its U.S. Phase 3 pivotal program for sofpironium bromide for the treatment of primary axillary hyperhidrosis later this year, we look forward to reviewing AnGes clinical study results and then working together with them and the FDA to determine the best path forward. About AnGes AnGes, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company founded in December 1999 based on an innovative discovery by researchers at Osaka University and focuses on the development of gene-based medicine. For our lead product, HGF Plasmid (gene therapy) for the treatment of critical limb ischemia, the company got the conditional and time-limited approval in March 2019. And its commercialization started in September 2019 in Japan. This is the world s first commercialization using the Plasmid DNA method. Development of NF- B Decoy Oligonucleotide for diseases including low back pain, and DNA vaccines for high blood pressure is also under way. Furthermore, AnGes started co-development of the DNA vaccine with Osaka University from March 2020 for COVID-19 in Japan. The DNA vaccine for COVID-19 utilizes the method of Plasmid DNA. For more information, visit https://www.anges.co.jp/en/ About Brickell Brickell Biotech, Inc. is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing innovative and differentiated prescription therapeutics for the treatment of debilitating skin diseases. Brickell s lead product candidate is sofpironium bromide, a novel and potential best-in-class treatment for primary axillary hyperhidrosis. The Company expects to initiate its U.S. Phase 3 pivotal program for sofpironium bromide in the fourth quarter of 2020. In addition, Brickell s Japanese development partner for sofpironium bromide, Kaken Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., expects to receive a regulatory decision for sofpironium bromide gel, 5% in Japan, later this year. Brickell s executive management team and board of directors bring extensive experience in product development and global commercialization, having served in leadership roles at large global pharmaceutical companies and biotechs that have developed and/or launched successful products, including several that were first-in-class and/or achieved iconic status, such as Cialis , Taltz , Gemzar , Prozac , Cymbalta and Juvederm . Brickell s strategy is to leverage this experience to in-license, acquire, develop and commercialize innovative products that Brickell believes can be successful in the currently underserved dermatology global marketplace. For more information, visit http://www.brickellbio.com . Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Any statements made in this press release relating to future financial, legal, business and/or research and clinical performance, conditions, plans, prospects, trends, or strategies and other such matters, including without limitation, the anticipated timing, scope, design and/or results of ongoing or future clinical trials, intellectual property rights, including the validity, term and enforceability of such, the expected timing and/or results of regulatory approvals and prospects for commercializing any of Brickell s product candidates, or research collaborations with its partners, including in Japan, the United States or any other country, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition, when or if used in this press release, the words may, could, should, anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, predict and similar expressions and their variants, as they relate to Brickell, may identify forward-looking statements. Brickell cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, which change over time, often quickly and in unanticipated ways. Important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements or historical experience include risks and uncertainties, including without limitation, ability to obtain adequate financing to advance product development, ability to maintain and enforce intellectual property rights, potential delays for any reason in product development, regulatory changes unsuccessful clinical studies, unanticipated demands on cash resources, any disruption to our business caused by the current COVID-19 pandemic, interruptions, delays or negative determinations on Kaken s new drug application under current review, or on AnGes development efforts for its lead COVID-19 vaccine candidate, including the outcome of ongoing and planned clinical trials in regard to this asset, and other risks associated with developing and obtaining regulatory approval for and commercializing product candidates. Further information on the factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ from any forward-looking statements are contained in Brickell s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which are available at http://www.sec.gov (or at http://www.brickellbio.com ). The forward-looking statements represent the estimates of Brickell as of the date hereof only, and Brickell specifically disclaims any duty or obligation to update forward-looking statements. AnGes Investor Contact: Public Relations & Investor Relations Group TEL: +81-3-5730-2641 FAX: +81-3-5730-2635 Brickell Investor Contact: Dan Ferry LifeSci Advisors (617) 430-7576 daniel@lifesciadvisors.com

Affimed Announces FDA Clearance of IND to Commence First-in-Human Phase 1/2a Study of AFM24 for the Treatment of EGFR-Expressing Cancers Activation of innate immunity to target EGFR-expressing solid tumors has potential to address limitations associated with currently available EGFR-targeted therapies Initiation of Phase 1/2a clinical trial expected in first half of 2020 Heidelberg, Germany, November 7, 2019 - Affimed N.V. (Nasdaq: AFMD), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company committed to giving patients back their innate ability to fight cancer, today announced that its Investigational New Drug application (IND) has cleared the required 30-day review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and is in effect for a Phase 1/2a clinical trial of AFM24, a tetravalent, bispecific epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)- and CD16A-binding innate cell engager, in patients with advanced cancers known to express EGFR. The IND clearance of AFM24 enables us to proceed with our planned Phase 1/2a study aimed at establishing safety and identifying initial signals of efficacy in patients with EGFR-expressing solid tumors, said Dr. Adi Hoess, Chief Executive Officer of Affimed. There is a tremendous need for novel immuno-oncology approaches and based on its novel mechanism of activating the innate immune system, AFM24 has the potential to address limitations, such as toxicities or resistance, associated with other EGFR-targeted therapies. The initial goal of the planned Phase 1/2a study is to determine the maximum tolerated dose and recommended Phase 2 dose of AFM24, as well as to evaluate the safety, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and preliminary efficacy. The second part of the study is designed to evaluate the preliminary efficacy of AFM24 in patients with select solid tumor subtypes. The study is planned to initiate in the first half of 2020. AFM24 has the potential to provide a meaningful benefit to a broad set of patients suffering from EGFR-expressing tumors, including those patients who currently are not being addressed by existing EGFR-targeted therapies. According to internal market research, leading clinical experts across multiple cancer indications see a tremendous need for novel immuno-oncology approaches for the treatment of solid tumors. Preclinical data showed AFM24 s ability to bridge NK cells and macrophages to EGFR-expressing tumor cell lines and induce cell lysis through antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC), independent of RAS mutational status, and antibody-dependent cellular phagocytosis (ADCP). In addition, AFM24 enhanced tumor infiltration of NK cells and elicited dose-dependent anti-tumor efficacy in in vivo tumor models. Treatment of cynomolgus monkeys with AFM24 showed a favorable safety profile, even when the animals were treated at high dose levels, demonstrating AFM24 s potential to have lower toxicities in humans compared to other EGFR-targeted therapeutics. About AFM24 AFM24, a tetravalent, bispecific EGFR- and CD16A-binding innate cell engager from Affimed s fit-for-purpose ROCK platform, is designed to address limitations associated with other EGFR-targeted therapies, such as toxicities or resistance, by using a new mechanism of action to target EGFR-expressing solid tumors through activation of innate immunity rather than inhibition of EGFR-mediated signal transduction. About Affimed N.V. Affimed (Nasdaq: AFMD) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company committed to giving patients back their innate ability to fight cancer. Affimed s fit-for-purpose ROCK platform allows innate cell engagers to be designed for specific patient populations. The Company is developing single and combination therapies to treat hematologic and solid tumors. For more information, please visit www.affimed.com . FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, which are often indicated by terms such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "look forward to", "may," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "will," "would" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements appear in a number of places throughout this release and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs, projections, outlook, analyses and current expectations concerning, among other things, the value of our ROCK platform, our ongoing and planned preclinical development and clinical trials, our collaborations and development of our products in combination with other therapies, the timing of and our ability to make regulatory filings and obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our product candidates our intellectual property position, our collaboration activities, our ability to develop commercial functions, expectations regarding clinical trial data, our results of operations, cash needs, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, future transactions, growth and strategies, the industry in which we operate, the trends that may affect the industry or us and the risks uncertainties and other factors described under the heading Risk Factors in Affimed s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future.

Frequency Electronics, Inc. Announces Significant Contract Win MITCHEL FIELD, N.Y., July 01, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Frequency Electronics, Inc. ( FEI or the Company ) (NASDAQ-FEIM) today announced the award of a contract for frequency generation subsystems from a major aerospace and defense prime contractor for end use on a critical US Government defense satellite program. The contract value is approximately $28.6 million, including all options and includes the design and manufacture of the primary frequency references for the satellites. The period of performance is approximately three years, again, inclusive of options. Commenting on the win, FEI CEO Stan Sloane said, We are very proud to have been selected for this key program and, once again, be providing a major subsystem for military satellites. Our selection was based not only on our proven ability to deliver high performing and high reliability electronics for space application, but on a long history of meeting commitments to our customers. The award reflects this customer s absolute confidence in FEI. This is a very significant win for us and one which clearly establishes FEI as the premier source for time and frequency references for space applications. About Frequency Electronics Frequency Electronics, Inc. is a world leader in the design, development and manufacture of high precision timing, frequency generation and RF control products for space and terrestrial applications. Frequency s products are used in satellite payloads and in other commercial, government and military systems including C4ISR and electronic warfare, missiles, UAVs, aircraft, GPS, secure communications, energy exploration and wireline and wireless networks. Frequency has received over 100 awards of excellence for achievements in providing high performance electronic assemblies for over 150 space and DOD programs. The Company invests significant resources in research and development to expand its capabilities and markets. Frequency s Mission Statement: Our mission is to provide precision time and low phase noise frequency generation systems from 1 Hz to 50 GHz, for space and other challenging environments. Subsidiaries and Affiliates: FEI-Zyfer provides GPS and secure timing ("SAASM") capabilities for critical military and commercial applications; FEI-Elcom Tech provides Electronic Warfare ( EW ) sub-systems and state-of-the-art RF microwave products. Additional information is available on the Company s website: www.frequencyelectronics.com Contact information: Stanton Sloane, President & Chief Executive Officer; Steven Bernstein, Chief Financial Officer;

Suncor Energy provides operational and 2020 guidance update All financial figures are in Canadian dollars. CALGARY, Alberta, Sept. 07, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Following the August 14 incident at its Base Plant operations, in light of identified performance improvement opportunities at its Firebag operation, and bringing on the second train of production at Fort Hills, Suncor is today providing an operational update and revised 2020 guidance. On August 16, 2020, Suncor reported it had experienced a fire at the secondary extraction facilities of its Base Plant mine. On August 29th, production was restored to 165,000 barrels per day (bbls/d) of mined bitumen. Although initial repairs can allow the mine to operate at full rates, production has been restricted to manage bitumen quality into the upgraders. Production is expected to continue to ramp up and will achieve full mining rates of approximately 300,000 bbls/d by the middle of the fourth quarter, as bitumen treatment facilities return to full operation. During this period of reduced production, selected maintenance activities, originally scheduled for later in the year, have been accelerated and are reflected in the updated production guidance. Repair costs are included within the corporate capital guidance; the majority of the repair costs are expected to be reimbursed through insurance proceeds to be received in 2021. Full year Oil Sands Operations cash operating costs guidance(1) has been revised to $28.00 $31.00 per barrel. Starting in late September, Firebag in-situ production rates will be reduced to 110,000 bbls/d for approximately four weeks as Suncor accelerates maintenance originally scheduled for 2022, and to enable us to expand the capacity of the facility by fully integrating the new, incremental emulsion handling and steam infrastructure. Following completion of this work, Firebag nameplate capacity is anticipated to increase by 12,000 bbls/d to 215,000 bbls/d, and is expected to be producing at normal capacity utilization (~95%) by early November. The capital expenditure required for this work is included within capital guidance. Suncor is working with the Fort Hills partners to restart the second primary extraction train in September, with initial gross production of approximately 120,000 to 130,000 bbls/d. This lays the foundation for improved cost effectiveness through optimization of the mine fleet, without the use of additional contractors, and includes the completion of the full deployment of autonomous haul trucks by the end of 2020. At this initial production level, Suncor expects to retain all of the previously announced sustaining capital savings and approximately 90% of the estimated operating costs savings. 2020 production guidance has been updated to 60,000 65,000 bbls/d, with a reduction to the Fort Hills cash operating costs(1) per barrel range by $2 per barrel, to $32.00 $35.00. Once the second train is operating, the owners will evaluate further increases in production. Syncrude 2020 planned maintenance program is complete, and the asset is being returned to normal operations. The interconnecting pipelines are on track for commissioning in Q4. The Syncrude cash operating costs(1) per barrel range has been reduced to $34.00 $37.00, based on year to date performance, lower operating costs and our expectations for the balance of the year. Despite the operational incident and all the challenges of 2020 - unprecedented drop in oil prices, global pandemic and economic slowdown - Suncor has continued to focus on safety and maximizing value through enhanced performance and lowering costs, said Suncor president and chief executive officer Mark Little. We re pleased to be making progress on lowering costs at Fort Hills and Syncrude; we ve opportunistically advanced maintenance at Base Plant and Firebag, brought on additional capacity at Firebag, and we believe this disciplined and strategic approach lays the foundation for strong performance in 2021. Due to the reduction in 2020 capital expenditures and the current deferral of the Terra Nova Asset Life Extension project, E&P production guidance has been updated to reflect lower production rates. Strengthening momentum in the Downstream business performance continues, and is in line with the throughput guidance for refinery utilization and refined product sales. Following these operational updates, production estimates for the third quarter are anticipated to be 305,000 320,000 bbls/d for Oil Sands Operations; this is comprised of 250,000 265,000 bbls/d of synthetic crude oil and approximately 55,000 bbls/d of bitumen. Full year corporate production guidance has been revised to 680,000 710,000 bbls/d. (1) Non-GAAP financial measures. See the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this News release. Capital Expenditures (C$ millions) (1) 2020 Updated Full Year Outlook September 7, 2020 % Economic Investment (2) Upstream Oil Sands 2,600 2,800 25% Upstream E&P 450 500 95% Total Upstream 3,050 3,300 40% Downstream 450 550 20% Corporate 100 150 80% Total 3,600 4,000 40% 1. Capital expenditures exclude capitalized interest of approximately $120 million. 2. The balance of capital expenditures represents Asset Sustainment and Maintenance capital expenditures. For definitions of Economic Investment and Asset Sustainment and Maintenance capital expenditures, see the Capital Investment Update section of Suncor s Management s Discussion and Analysis dated July 22, 2020 (the MD&A). Production & Refinery Utilization (as of September 7, 2020) 2020 Updated Full Year Outlook Suncor Total Production (boe/d) (3) 680,000 710,000 (4) Oil Sands Operations (bbls/d) 355,000 380,000 (5) Synthetic Crude Oil (bbls/d) 295,000 310,000 Bitumen (bbls/d) 60,000 70,000 Fort Hills (bbls/d) Suncor working interest of 54.11% 60,000 65,000 Syncrude (bbls/d) Suncor working interest of 58.74% 160,000 175,000 Exploration & Production (boe/d) 100,000 110,000 (4) Suncor Refinery Throughput (bbls/d) 390,000 420,000 Suncor Refinery Utilization 84% 91% (6) Refined Product Sales (bbls/d) 500,000 530,000 3. Barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d) 4. At the time of publication, production in Libya continues to be affected by political unrest and therefore no forward-looking production for Libya is factored into the Exploration and Production and Suncor Total Production guidance. Production ranges for Oil Sands operations, Fort Hills, Syncrude and Exploration and Production are not intended to add to equal Suncor total production. 5. Oil Sands operations production includes synthetic crude oil, diesel, and bitumen and excludes Fort Hills PFT bitumen and Syncrude synthetic crude oil production. These ranges reflect the integrated upgrading and bitumen production performance risk. 6. Refinery utilization is based on the following crude processing capacities: Montreal - 137,000 bbls/d; Sarnia - 85,000 bbls/d; Edmonton 142,000 bbls/d; and Commerce City - 98,000 bbls/d. Legal Advisory Forward-Looking Information This news release contains certain forward-looking information and forward-looking statements (collectively referred to herein as forward-looking statements ) within the meaning of applicable Canadian and U.S. securities laws. Forward-looking statements in this news release include: Suncor's expectation that production at its Base Plant operations will continue to ramp up to approximately 165,000 bbls/d by the middle of September and achieve full mining rates of approximately 300,000 bbls/d by the middle of the fourth quarter of 2020; statements regarding planned maintenance, including the timing and costs thereof; Suncor's expectation that the majority of the repair costs from the incident at its Base Plant operations will be reimbursed through insurance proceeds; statements about Firebag, including that in situ production rates will be reduced to 110,000 bbls/d for approximately four weeks and that it will produce at full nameplate capacity by early November; Suncor's belief that its disciplined and strategic approach of lowering costs at Fort Hills and Syncrude and the advancement of maintenance at Base Plant and Firebag will lay a foundation for strong performance in 2021; statements about Fort Hills, including the potential to restart the second primary extraction train in September with production ramping up to approximately 120,000 130,000 bbls/d by the end of 2020 which will lay the foundation for improved cost effectiveness through optimization of the mine fleet, without the use of contractors, and the full deployment of autonomous haul trucks by the end of 2020 and that, by operating Fort Hills at these levels, Suncor will retain all of the previously announced sustaining capital savings and approximately 90% of the estimated operating costs savings; Suncor's anticipated capital spending program of between $3.6 and $4.0 billion (and expectations of where that spending will be directed); Suncor's expectations around production, including planned average upstream production of 680,000 - 710,000 boe/d and planned ranges for Oil Sands operations (355,000 - 380,000 bbls/d) which is comprised of 295,000 310,000 bbls/d of synthetic crude oil and 60,000 70,000 bbls/d of bitumen, Suncor's working interest in Fort Hills (60,000 - 65,000 bbls/d), Suncor's working interest in Syncrude (160,000 - 175,000 bbls/d) and Exploration and Production (100,000 - 110,000 boe/d); Suncor's expected Oil Sands operations cash operating costs, projected to be in the range of $28.00 - $31.00 per barrel; expected Fort Hills cash operating costs, projected to be in the range of $32.00 - $35.00 per barrel; expected Syncrude cash operating costs, projected to be in the range of $34.00 - $37.00 per barrel; Suncor's expected Refinery Throughputs (390,000 - 420,000 bbls/d), Refinery Utilization (84% - 91%) and Refined Product Sales (500,000 530,000 bbls/d); and similar statements. Forward-looking statements are based on Suncor s current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions that were made by the company in light of its information available at the time the statement was made and consider Suncor s experience and its perception of historical trends, including expectations and assumptions concerning: the accuracy of reserves estimates; the current and potential adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the status of the pandemic and future waves and any associated policies around current business restrictions, shelter-in-place orders or gatherings of individuals; commodity prices and interest and foreign exchange rates; the performance of assets and equipment; capital efficiencies and cost savings; applicable laws and government policies; future production rates; the sufficiency of budgeted capital expenditures in carrying out planned activities; the availability and cost of labour, services and infrastructure; the satisfaction by third parties of their obligations to Suncor; the development and execution of projects; and the receipt, in a timely manner, of regulatory and third-party approvals. Some of the forward-looking statements may be identified by words like "guidance", "outlook", "will", "expected", "estimated", "anticipate", planned , believe and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and uncertainties, some that are similar to other oil and gas companies and some that are unique to Suncor. Suncor s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by its forward-looking statements, so readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on them. Assumptions for the Oil Sands operations, Syncrude and Fort Hills 2020 production outlook include those relating to reliability and operational efficiency initiatives that the company expects will minimize unplanned maintenance in 2020. Assumptions for the Exploration and Production 2020 production outlook include those relating to reservoir performance, drilling results and facility reliability. Factors that could potentially impact Suncor's 2020 corporate guidance include, but are not limited to: Bitumen supply. Bitumen supply may be dependent on unplanned maintenance of mine equipment and extraction plants, bitumen ore grade quality, tailings storage and in situ reservoir performance. Third-party infrastructure. Production estimates could be negatively impacted by issues with third-party infrastructure, including pipeline or power disruptions that may result in the apportionment of capacity, pipeline or third-party facility shutdowns, which would affect the company's ability to produce or market its crude oil. Performance of recently commissioned facilities or well pads. Production rates while new equipment is being brought into service are difficult to predict and can be impacted by unplanned maintenance. Unplanned maintenance. Production estimates could be negatively impacted if unplanned work is required at any of our mining, extraction, upgrading, in situ processing, refining, natural gas processing, pipeline, or offshore assets. Planned maintenance events. Production estimates, including production mix, could be negatively impacted if planned maintenance events are affected by unexpected events or are not executed effectively. The successful execution of maintenance and start-up of operations for offshore assets, in particular, may be impacted by harsh weather conditions, particularly in the winter season. Commodity prices. Declines in commodity prices may alter our production outlook and/or reduce our capital expenditure plans. Foreign operations. Suncor's foreign operations and related assets are subject to a number of political, economic and socio-economic risks. Government Action. This guidance reflects the production curtailments imposed by the Government of Alberta. Further action by the Government of Alberta regarding production curtailment may impact Suncor s Corporate Guidance and such impact may be material. COVID-19 Pandemic: This guidance is subject to a number of external factors beyond our control that could significantly influence this outlook, including the status of the COVID-19 pandemic and future waves, and any associated policies around current business restrictions, shelter-in-place orders, or gatherings of individuals. As a result of the volatile business environment and the uncertain pace of an economic recovery it is challenging to determine the overall outlook for crude oil and refined product demand, which remains dependent on the status of the COVID-19 pandemic. Suncor s Annual Information Form and Annual Report to Shareholders, each dated February 26, 2020, Form 40-F dated February 27, 2020, its MD&A and other documents Suncor files from time to time with securities regulatory authorities describe the risks, uncertainties, material assumptions and other factors that could influence actual results and such factors are incorporated herein by reference. Copies of these documents are available without charge from Suncor at 150 6th Avenue S.W., Calgary, Alberta T2P 3E3, by calling 1-800-558-9071, or by email request to invest@suncor.com or by referring to the company s profile on SEDAR at sedar.com or EDGAR at sec.gov . Except as required by applicable securities laws, Suncor disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES Oil Sands operations cash operating costs, Fort Hills cash operating costs and Syncrude cash operating costs are not prescribed by Canadian generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). These non-GAAP financial measures are included because management uses the information to analyze business performance, including on a per barrel basis, as applicable, and it may be useful to investors on the same basis. These non-GAAP financial measures do not have any standardized meaning and, therefore, are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of the MD&A. Oil Sands operations cash operating costs of $28.00 - $31.00 per barrel is based on the assumptions that: (i) Suncor will produce 355,000 380,000 bbls/d at Oil Sands operations (of which 295,000 310,000 bbls/d will be synthetic crude oil and 60,000 70,000 bbls/d will be bitumen); and (ii) natural gas used at Suncor's Oil Sands operations (AECO - C Spot ($CAD)) will be priced at an average of $2.25/GJ over 2020. Fort Hills cash operating costs of $32.00 - $35.00 per barrel is based on the assumptions that: (i) Fort Hills production (net to Suncor) will be 60,000 65,000 bbls/d; and (ii) natural gas used at Fort Hills (AECO - C Spot ($CAD)) will be priced at an average of $2.25/GJ over 2020. Syncrude cash operating costs of $34.00 - $37.00 per barrel is based on the assumptions that: (i) Syncrude will produce 160,000 175,000 bbls/d of synthetic crude oil (net to Suncor); and (ii) natural gas used at Syncrude (AECO - C Spot ($CAD)) will be priced at an average of $2.25/GJ over 2020. The Syncrude cash operating costs per barrel and Fort Hills cash operating costs per barrel measures may not be fully comparable to similar information calculated by other entities (including Suncor's Oil Sands operations cash operating costs per barrel) due to differing operations. Suncor Energy is Canada's leading integrated energy company. Suncor's operations include oil sands development and upgrading, offshore oil and gas production, petroleum refining, and product marketing under the Petro-Canada brand. A member of Dow Jones Sustainability indexes, FTSE4Good and CDP, Suncor is working to responsibly develop petroleum resources while also growing a renewable energy portfolio. Suncor is listed on the UN Global Compact 100 stock index. Suncor's common shares (symbol: SU) are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges. For more information about Suncor, visit our website at suncor.com , follow us on Twitter @Suncor or together.suncor.com Media inquiries: 1-833-296-4570 media@suncor.com

FutureFuel Corp. Announces Notice of Deferred Ex-Dividend Date CLAYTON, Mo., March 24, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- FutureFuel Corp . (NYSE: FF) ( FutureFuel ), a manufacturer of custom and performance chemicals and biofuels, announced on March 24, 2020 the deferral of the ex-dividend date on the special cash dividend of U.S. $3.00 per share on its common stock that FutureFuel declared on March 23, 2020 (the Special Dividend ). Due to the size of the Special Dividend, the ex-date for the Special Dividend has been deferred until April 20, 2020 (i.e., the first business day after the payment date of the Special Dividend). If a person sells our stock before the ex-date, the Special Dividend associated with such stock sale will travel with the sale to the buyer. Alternatively, if a person buys our stock before the ex-date, the Special Dividend associated with such stock purchase will travel with the purchase to the buyer. About FutureFuel FutureFuel is a leading manufacturer of diversified chemical products, specialty chemical products, and biofuel products. In its chemicals business, FutureFuel manufactures specialty chemicals for specific customers ( custom chemicals ) as well as multi-customer specialty chemicals ( performance chemicals ). FutureFuel s custom chemicals product portfolio includes a bleach activator for a major detergent manufacturer, proprietary herbicide and intermediates for major life sciences companies, and chlorinated polyolefin adhesion promoters and antioxidant precursors for a major chemical company. FutureFuel s performance chemicals product portfolio includes polymer (nylon) modifiers and several small-volume specialty chemicals for diverse applications. FutureFuel s biofuels segment primarily produces and sells biodiesel to its customers. Please visit www.futurefuelcorporation.com for more information. # # # FutureFuel Corp. Tom McKinlay (314) 854-8352 www.futurefuelcorporation.com

Contura Announces $100 Million Stock Repurchase Plan BRISTOL, Tenn., Aug. 29, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Contura Energy, Inc. (NYSE: CTRA), a leading U.S. coal supplier, today announced that its Board of Directors has approved a stock repurchase plan (the "Company Repurchase Plan") to acquire up to $100 million in the aggregate of the company's common stock at prices as set forth in such plan over a specified period, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. "Based on our confidence in Contura's robust asset portfolio and strong position in both domestic and international markets, our board believes that the company's stock is significantly undervalued at current trading prices," said chairman and chief executive officer, David Stetson. "We have heard our shareholders loud and clear, and are executing this stock buyback as a first step in the previously announced strategic capital allocation program focused on enhancing shareholder value." The Company Repurchase Plan is designed to allow the company to repurchase its common stock at times when it otherwise might be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws. Once the Company Repurchase Plan is established, a designated agent will repurchase shares of common stock on Contura's behalf, without the company's further input, when the market price per share and other conditions specified in the plan are met. The agent will increase the volume of purchases made in the event the price of the company's common stock declines, subject to volume restrictions. No assurance can be given that any particular amount of common stock will be repurchased, or when. Contura will designate an agent to facilitate the repurchases of the company's common stock on Contura's behalf, pursuant to the terms set forth in the Company Repurchase Plan and all applicable laws and regulations, including Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1, and Regulation M, which may prohibit purchases under certain circumstances. ABOUT CONTURA ENERGY Contura Energy (NYSE: CTRA) is a Tennessee-based coal supplier with affiliate mining operations across major coal basins in Pennsylvania, Virginia and West Virginia. With customers across the globe, high-quality reserves and significant port capacity, Contura Energy reliably supplies both metallurgical coal to produce steel and thermal coal to generate power. For more information, visit www.conturaenergy.com. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This news release includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on Contura's expectations and beliefs concerning future events and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. These factors are difficult to predict accurately and may be beyond Contura's control. Forward-looking statements in this news release or elsewhere speak only as of the date made. New uncertainties and risks arise from time to time, and it is impossible for Contura to predict these events or how they may affect Contura. For additional discussion of risks, please refer to Contura's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other filings that Contura makes from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), which are available on the SEC's website (www.sec.gov). Except as required by law, Contura has no duty to, and does not intend to, update or revise the forward-looking statements in this news release or elsewhere after the date this release is issued. In light of these risks and uncertainties, investors should keep in mind that results, events or developments discussed in any forward-looking statement made in this news release may not occur. INVESTOR CONTACT[email protected] Alex Rotonen, CFA423.956.6882 MEDIA CONTACTS[email protected] Rick Axthelm423.573.0304 Emily O'Quinn423.573.0369 SOURCE Contura Energy, Inc. Related Links http://www.conturaenergy.com

Stellus Capital Investment Corporation Increases and Extends Its Revolving Credit Facility HOUSTON, May 18, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (the "Company") (NYSE: SCM) announced today that it has increased commitments under its revolving credit facility (the "Facility") to $230 million, extended the commitment termination date of the Facility to March 10, 2021, and amended certain covenants and conditions of the Facility, including a reduction in the required asset coverage and interest coverage ratios and a modification of the terms of the borrowing base. The final maturity of the Facility remains October 10, 2021. The Facility was led by Zions Bancorporation, N.A. dba Amegy Bank, and includes a total of 10 bank participants. Pricing and advance rates remain unchanged on the Facility. "We very much appreciate the support of our existing bank group, led by Amegy Bank, and are pleased to welcome Bank of Texas as an additional lender in the facility," said Robert T. Ladd, chief executive officer of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation. "This amendment and extension allows us additional liquidity and flexibility to serve the capital needs of our portfolio companies." About Stellus Capital Investment Corporation The Company is an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified investment management company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company's investment objective is to maximize the total return to its stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in private middle-market companies (typically those with $5.0 million to $50.0 million of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization)) through first lien, second lien, unitranche and mezzanine debt financing, and corresponding equity investments. The Company's investment activities are managed by its investment adviser, Stellus Capital Management. To learn more about Stellus Capital Investment Corporation, visit www.stelluscapital.com under the "Public Investors" link. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements included herein may contain "forward-looking statements" which relate to future performance or financial condition. Statements other than statements of historical facts included in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements and are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those described from time to time in filings by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the final prospectus that will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statement made herein. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. ContactsStellus Capital Investment CorporationW. Todd Huskinson, (713) 292-5414Chief Financial Officer[email protected] SOURCE Stellus Capital Investment Corporation Related Links http://www.stelluscapital.com

Extreme Networks Announces $60 Million Share Repurchase Program SAN JOSE, Calif., Nov. 2, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Extreme Networks, Inc (Nasdaq: EXTR), a software-driven networking company, today announced that its Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to $60 million of its common stock over the next two years. Purchases may be made from time-to-time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Any shares acquired will be available for general corporate purposes. The repurchase will be funded using the Company's working capital. As of September 30, 2018, Extreme Networks had 118.3 million shares of common stock outstanding. "After completing two acquisitions in the span of a year and investing in integrating these assets, we recently paid down a portion of our debt and now expect to generate strong cash flow," said Ed Meyercord, Extreme's President and CEO. "We started off fiscal year 2019 with strong cash collections. Combined with the strength of our existing balance sheet, and our Board's commitment to fiscal responsibility, this stock buyback program will help us improve shareholder value and minimize dilution from our equity programs," added Meyercord. The manner, timing and amount of any purchases will be determined by the Company's management based on their evaluation of market conditions, stock price, Extreme's ongoing determination that it is the best use of available cash and other factors. The repurchase program does not obligate Extreme to acquire any common stock, may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice and will be subject to regulatory considerations. Forward-Looking StatementsStatements in this press release regarding the company's cash flow and its intention to repurchase shares of its common stock from time to time under the stock repurchase program are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. There are several important factors that could cause actual events to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These include, among others, the market price of the company's stock prevailing from time to time, the nature of other investment opportunities presented to the company from time to time, the company's cash flows from operations, general economic conditions, and other factors discussed under Item 1A. "Risk Factors," in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, the occurrence of certain events or otherwise. As a result of these risks and others, actual results could vary significantly from those anticipated in this press release, and the company's financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. About Extreme Networks Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) delivers software-driven solutions from the enterprise edge to the cloud that are agile, adaptive, and secure to enable digital transformation. Our 100% in-sourced services and support are number one in the industry. Even with 30,000 customers globally, including half of the Fortune 50 and some of the world's leading names in business, hospitality, retail, transportation and logistics, education, government, healthcare and manufacturing, we remain nimble and responsive to ensure customer and partner success. We call this Customer-Driven Networking . Founded in 1996, Extreme is headquartered in San Jose, California. For more information, visit Extreme's website or call 1-888-257-3000. Extreme Networks, and the Extreme Networks logo are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Extreme Networks, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. Other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Investor Relations Contacts: Stan Kovler Jean Marie Young Executive Director, Investor Relations and Strategic Development The Piacente Group, Inc. 212-481-2050 ext. 402 Extreme Networks [email protected] 919-595-4196 [email protected] SOURCE Extreme Networks, Inc. Related Links http://www.extremenetworks.com

Digital Ally Awarded Largest Body Camera/Video Solution Contract in Its History Three-Year Sole-Source Supply Contract For Up To 5,000 Body Cameras and Software Infrastructure/Back Office Awarded to Digital By a National Police Force Lenexa, KS, Feb. 04, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Digital Ally, Inc. (NASDAQ: DGLY) (the Company ), which develops, manufactures and markets advanced video recording products for law enforcement, emergency management, fleet safety and security, today announced the receipt of the initial purchase order under a substantial contract awarded by the Director of Strategic Procurement of that country for the expected deployment of body cameras to its entire national police force. The contract will include up to 5,000 body cameras with Digital Ally s web-based software infrastructure service for a three-year period. The contract is expected to result in revenues exceeding $4.0 million commencing with delivery of the initial purchase order in February 2020 and the release of periodic purchase orders thereafter. Upon completion, this contract would be the largest body camera deployment in the Company s history and the largest contract for recurring service revenues for its web-based software related to the body cameras. The contract was awarded to Digital Ally after an extensive evaluation process resulting in the national police force replacing a competitors hardware and services with Digital s body camera and new web-based software services offerings. The award of this international contract is an important milestone for Digital Ally because the size and complexity of the deployment proves the scalability of the Company s body camera hardware and its web-based software services, stated Stanton E. Ross, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Company has been working with one of its distributors on this contract for approximately twelve months, which illustrates the long sales cycle that is typical of large international market opportunities. We have sufficient inventory on hand and expect to fulfill the initial part of the order in the current quarter and continue deliveries as required, continued Ross. The contract requires Digital Ally to provide its new web-based software that will generate significant recurring service revenues from the technology infrastructure necessary to retrieve and manage the audio and video evidence generated by the body cameras, concluded Ross. Update of Revenue Guidance for Fiscal Year 2020 The Company notes that this international order was not originally factored into the initial Revenue Guidance for the fiscal year 2020. It had previously provided guidance that its expected revenues for this year would exceed $13.5 million. The increase in expected revenues will not necessarily be proportionate during the fulfillment of the contract. The Company also anticipates the continuation of its increased recurring service revenues during the term of the contract. About Digital Ally Digital Ally , headquartered in Lenexa, KS, specializes in the design and manufacturing of the highest quality video recording equipment and video analytic software. Digital Ally pushes the boundaries of technology in industries such as law enforcement, emergency management, fleet safety and security. Digital Ally s complete product solutions include in-car and body cameras, web-based software, and automatic recording technology. These products work seamlessly together and are simple to install and operate. Digital Ally products are sold by domestic direct sales representatives and international distributors worldwide. For additional news and information please visit www.digitalallyinc.com or follow additional Digital Ally Inc. social media channels here: Facebook I Instagram I Linkedin I Twitter Contact Information Stanton Ross, CEO Tom Heckman, CFO Digital Ally, Inc 913-814-7774 info@digitalallyinc.com This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the expectations or forecasts of future events, can be affected by inaccurate assumptions, and are subject to various business risks and known and unknown uncertainties, a number of which are beyond the control of management. Therefore, actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. A wide variety of factors that may cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: whether the Company will be able to deploy the body cameras and implement the web-based software efficiently and effectively under the contract; whether the national police force will continue releasing periodic purchase orders under the contract; whether the Company will be able to expand the market share for its products from additional domestic and international law enforcement and government agencies and continue the growth of its recurring service revenues; whether the Company s guidance regarding its 2020 revenues will be accurate; whether the Company will be able to adapt its technology to new and different uses, including being able to introduce new products; competition from larger, more established companies with far greater economic and human resources; its ability to attract and retain customers and quality employees; the effect of changing economic conditions; and changes in government regulations, tax rates and similar matters. These cautionary statements should not be construed as exhaustive or as any admission as to the adequacy of the Company's disclosures. The Company cannot predict or determine after the fact what factors would cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements or other statements. The reader should consider statements that include the words "believes", "expects", "anticipates", "intends", "estimates", "plans", "projects", "should", or other expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events or trends, to be uncertain and forward-looking. The Company does not undertake to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional information respecting factors that could materially affect the Company and its operations are contained in its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Elbit Systems Awarded $15 Million Contract to Supply Command and Control Systems for the Swiss Armed Forces English English HAIFA, Israel, April 16, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Elbit Systems Ltd. (NASDAQ: ESLT) (TASE: ESLT) ("Elbit Systems" or the "Company") announced today that it was awarded a contract valued at approximately $15 million from the Swiss Federal Office for Defense Procurement (Armasuisse) to provide Command and Control ("C2") systems for the Tactical Reconnaissance System (TASYS) of the Swiss Armed Forces. The contract will be performed over a three-year period. Under the contract the Company will provide the reconnaissance battalions and forward observers of the Swiss Army with C2 systems that improve target acquisition, prioritizing and data dissemination capabilities and will enable the generation of a common operational picture, thereby facilitating rapid decision making and effective engagement. About Elbit Systems Elbit Systems Ltd. is an international high technology company engaged in a wide range of defense, homeland security and commercial programs throughout the world. The Company, which includes Elbit Systems and its subsidiaries, operates in the areas of aerospace, land, and naval systems, command, control, communications, computers, intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance ("C4ISR"), unmanned aircraft systems, advanced electro-optics, electro-optic space systems, EW suites, signal intelligence systems, data links and communications systems, radios and cyber-based systems and munitions. The Company also focuses on the upgrading of existing platforms, developing new technologies for defense, homeland security and commercial applications and providing a range of support services, including training and simulation systems. For additional information, visit: https://elbitsystems.com/, follow us on Twitter or visit our official Facebook, Youtube and LinkedIn Channels. This press release may contain forward looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Israeli Securities Law, 1968) regarding Elbit Systems Ltd. and/or its subsidiaries (collectively the Company), to the extent such statements do not relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions about future events. Forward looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company, which are difficult to predict, including projections of the Company's future financial results, its anticipated growth strategies and anticipated trends in its business. Therefore, actual future results, performance and trends may differ materially from these forward looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: scope and length of customer contracts; governmental regulations and approvals; changes in governmental budgeting priorities; general market, political and economic conditions in the countries in which the Company operates or sells, including Israel and the United States among others; changes in global health and macro-economic conditions; differences in anticipated and actual program performance, including the ability to perform under long-term fixed-price contracts; changes in the competitive environment; and the outcome of legal and/or regulatory proceedings. The factors listed above are not all-inclusive, and further information is contained in Elbit Systems Ltd.'s latest annual report on Form 20-F, which is on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. Although the Company believes the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, it cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither the Company nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. The Company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. Elbit Systems Ltd., its logo, brand, product, service and process names appearing in this Press Release are the trademarks or service marks of Elbit Systems Ltd. or its affiliated companies. All other brand, product, service and process names appearing are the trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service or process other than those of Elbit Systems Ltd. does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation or sponsorship of that product, service or process by Elbit Systems Ltd. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of Elbit Systems Ltd. or any third party, except as expressly granted herein. Contacts: Company Contact: Joseph Gaspar, Executive VP & CFO Tel: +972-4-8316663 [email protected] Rami Myerson, Director, Investor Relations Tel: +972-77-2948984 [email protected] David Vaaknin, VP, Head of Corporate Communications Tel: +972-77-2946691 [email protected] IR Contact: Ehud Helft Kenny Green GK Investor Relations Tel: 1-646-201-9246 [email protected] SOURCE Elbit Systems Ltd.

Benefitfocus Announces Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Financial performance exceeded high end of revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance Strong execution and continued innovation positions company for long-term growth and value creation CHARLESTON, S.C., Aug. 05, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Benefitfocus, Inc. (NASDAQ: BNFT), a technology platform driving rapid innovation for employers and health plans, today announced its second quarter 2020 financial results. Benefitfocus delivered a strong quarter including enhanced profitability and liquidity. I am extremely proud of our team for delivering these results, particularly in the context of a challenging environment that was unthinkable just six months ago, said Ray August, President and Chief Executive Officer of Benefitfocus. Our team is executing well and delivering high-impact solutions for our customers and partners. As the world becomes more focused than ever on improving health outcomes, we have strengthened our resolve and commitment to our mission to transform our industry and improve lives with benefits. Steve Swad, Chief Financial Officer said, We swiftly adjusted our cost base during the quarter in response to COVID-19, and at the same time substantially strengthened our cash position through an $80 million strategic investment from BuildGroup LLC. Our strong execution in the quarter allowed us to increase our profitability and cash flow outlook for the year, while also investing in automation and platform innovation to drive sustainable long-term growth. Highlights include: Exceeded high end of Q2 revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance; Increased full year 2020 adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow guidance on strength of Q2 operating performance; Closed $80 million investment by BuildGroup LLC, substantially strengthening the company s balance sheet; Won new health plan customer, Medica, to enable digital transformation and deliver a modern enrollment solution; Enhanced our platform s mobile and communication capabilities to streamline the enrollment experience, reduce administrative burden and increase customer engagement; and Added insurance innovator Haven Life to Benefit Catalog, the industry s leading marketplace for voluntary benefits. Second Quarter 2020 Financial Highlights Revenue Total revenue was $62.2 million, a decrease of 9% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Software services was $49.9 million, a decrease of 6% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Software services comprise subscription and platform revenue. Subscription revenue was $43.8 million, a decrease of 8% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Platform revenue was $6.1 million, an increase of 13% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Professional services revenue was $12.3 million, a decrease of 21% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Net Loss GAAP net loss was ($11.9) million, compared to ($14.9) million in the second quarter of 2019. GAAP net loss per share was ($0.38), based on 32.1 million basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding, compared to ($0.46) for the second quarter of 2019, based on 32.6 million basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. Non-GAAP Net Loss and Adjusted EBITDA Non-GAAP net loss was ($7.8) million compared to ($10.0) million in the second quarter of 2019. Non-GAAP net loss per share was ($0.26) and ($0.31) in the second quarter of 2020 and 2019, respectively, based on 32.1 million and 32.6 million basic and fully diluted weighted average common shares outstanding for the second quarter of 2020 and 2019, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA was $9.3 million, compared to roughly breakeven in the second quarter of 2019. See important disclosures about non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of them to GAAP, below. Balance Sheet Cash and cash equivalents at June 30, 2020 totaled $183.5 million, compared to $114.7 million at the end of the first quarter of 2020. During the second quarter of 2020, the company repurchased approximately 36,000 shares of its common stock at a total cost of approximately $285,000, representing an average price per share of approximately $7.98. Since initiating its share repurchase program last quarter, the company has repurchased slightly more than 1.1 million shares of its common stock for approximately $9.7 million, representing an average repurchase price of $8.71 per share. Updated Business Outlook Based on information available as of August 5, 2020, Benefitfocus is providing guidance for the third quarter and full year 2020 as indicated below. Third Quarter 2020: Total revenue is expected to be in the range of $59 million to $62 million. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in the range of ($6) million to ($3) million, or ($0.21) to ($0.12) per share, based on 32.3 million basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the range of $6 million to $9 million. Full Year 2020: Total revenue is expected to be in the range of $260 million to $270 million. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in the range of ($16) million to ($11) million, or ($0.59) to ($0.44) per share, based on 32.3 million basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million. Free cash flow is expected to be in the range of $10 million to $20 million. Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow guidance excludes the impact of restructuring charges. Management has not reconciled forward-looking non-GAAP net loss, adjusted EBITDA or free cash flow to their most directly comparable GAAP measure of GAAP net loss or GAAP operating cash flows. This is because we cannot predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of the various necessary GAAP components of such reconciliations, including, for example, those related to compensation, acquisition transactions and integration, or others that may arise during the year, without unreasonable effort. These components and other factors could materially impact the amount of the future directly comparable GAAP measures, which may differ significantly from their non-GAAP counterparts. See below for additional important disclosures regarding our non-GAAP financial measures. Conference Call Details: In conjunction with this announcement, Benefitfocus will host a conference call to discuss the company s financial results and business outlook on Wednesday, August 5, 2020, at 5:00 p.m. ET. To access this call, dial (877) 407-9208 (domestic) or (201) 493-6784 (international). A live webcast of the conference call will be available on the Investor Relations page of the company s website at http://investor.benefitfocus.com/ . After the conference call, a replay will be available until August 12, 2020, and can be accessed by dialing (844) 512-2921 (domestic) or (412) 317-6671 (international) with passcode 13706867. About Benefitfocus Benefitfocus (NASDAQ: BNFT) unifies the entire U.S. benefits industry on a single technology platform to protect consumers' health, wealth, property and lifestyle. Our powerful cloud-based software, data-driven insights and thoughtfully-designed services, enable employers, insurance brokers, carriers and suppliers to simplify the complexity of benefits administration and deliver a world-class benefits experience. Learn more at www.benefitfocus.com , LinkedIn and Twitter . Non-GAAP Financial Measures The company uses certain non-GAAP financial measures in this release, including non-GAAP gross profit, operating loss, net loss/income, net loss/income per common share, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s performance or financial position that either excludes or includes amounts that are not normally excluded or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP gross profit, operating loss/income, net loss/income and net loss/income per common share exclude stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, transaction and acquisition-related costs expensed, if any, restructuring charges, if any, and costs not core to our business, if any. We define adjusted EBITDA as net loss before net interest, taxes, and depreciation and amortization expense, adjusted to eliminate stock-based compensation expense, expense related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, transaction and acquisition-related costs expensed, restructuring charges and costs not core to our business. We define free cash flow as cash used in operating activities less capital expenditures, adjusted to eliminate restructuring charges. Please note that other companies might define their non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do. Management presents these non-GAAP financial measures in this release because it considers them to be important supplemental measures of performance. Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures for planning purposes, including analysis of the company's performance against prior periods, the preparation of operating budgets and to determine appropriate levels of operating and capital investments. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide additional insight for analysts and investors in evaluating the company's financial and operational performance. Management also intends to provide these non-GAAP financial measures as part of the company s future earnings discussions and, therefore, their inclusion should provide consistency in the company s financial reporting. Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as an analytical tool. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures provided in this release, including in the accompanying tables. Safe Harbor Statement Except for historical information, all of the statements, expectations, and assumptions contained in this press release are forward-looking statements. Actual results might differ materially from those explicit or implicit in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: volatility and uncertainty in the global economy and financial markets in light of the evolving COVID-19 pandemic; our continuing losses and need to achieve GAAP profitability; fluctuations in our financial results; our ability to maintain our culture, retain and motivate qualified personnel; the immature and volatile market for our products and services; risks related to changing healthcare and other applicable regulations; risks associated with acquisitions; cyber-security risks; the need to innovate and provide useful products and services; our ability to compete effectively; privacy, security and other risks associated with our business; and the other risk factors set forth from time to time in our SEC filings, copies of which are available free of charge within the Investor Relations section of the Benefitfocus website at http://investor.benefitfocus.com/sec-filings or upon request from our Investor Relations Department. Benefitfocus assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Source: Benefitfocus, Inc. Benefitfocus, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (in thousands, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended June 30, June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Revenue $ 62,174 $ 68,579 $ 128,328 $ 136,878 Cost of revenue(1)(2)(3) 30,397 32,802 64,309 65,654 Gross profit 31,777 35,777 64,019 71,224 Operating expenses:(1)(2)(3) Sales and marketing 11,828 19,318 27,458 38,937 Research and development 11,045 14,461 22,813 27,551 General and administrative 9,381 11,785 19,896 23,581 Restructuring costs 5,616 5,616 Total operating expenses 37,870 45,564 75,783 90,069 Loss from operations (6,093 ) (9,787 ) (11,764 ) (18,845 ) Other income (expense): Interest income 97 762 523 1,422 Interest expense (5,862 ) (5,837 ) (11,753 ) (11,651 ) Other (expense) income 2 (73 ) 7 (64 ) Total other expense, net (5,763 ) (5,148 ) (11,223 ) (10,293 ) Loss before income taxes (11,856 ) (14,935 ) (22,987 ) (29,138 ) Income tax expense 6 3 11 9 Net loss (11,862 ) (14,938 ) (22,998 ) (29,147 ) Preferred dividends (462 ) (462 ) Net loss available to common stockholders $ (12,324 ) $ (14,938 ) $ (23,460 ) $ (29,147 ) Comprehensive loss $ (12,324 ) $ (14,938 ) $ (23,460 ) $ (29,147 ) Net loss per common share: Basic and diluted $ (0.38 ) $ (0.46 ) $ (0.73 ) $ (0.90 ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 32,058,387 32,613,718 32,348,673 32,336,864 (1) Stock-based compensation included in above line items: Cost of revenue $ 633 $ 691 $ 1,300 $ 1,590 Sales and marketing 594 (12 ) 1,474 1,674 Research and development 590 718 932 1,910 General and administrative 1,506 2,322 3,294 4,912 (2) Amortization of acquired intangible assets included in above line items: Cost of revenue $ 323 $ 308 $ 640 $ 407 Sales and marketing 83 113 174 149 Research and development 114 131 223 171 General and administrative 48 53 100 68 (3) Transaction and acquisition-related costs expensed included in above line items: General and administrative $ 215 $ 360 $ 407 $ 1,002 Benefitfocus, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share data) As of As of June 30, December 31, 2020 2019 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 183,496 $ 130,976 Accounts receivable, net 29,872 33,754 Contract, prepaid and other current assets 17,851 21,523 Total current assets 231,219 186,253 Property and equipment, net 31,430 28,669 Financing lease right-of-use assets 73,372 78,520 Operating lease right-of-use assets 1,529 1,715 Intangible assets, net 11,530 12,667 Goodwill 12,857 12,857 Deferred contract costs and other non-current assets 10,263 11,002 Total assets $ 372,200 $ 331,683 Liabilities and stockholders' deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 6,648 $ 9,563 Accrued expenses 6,526 10,526 Accrued compensation and benefits 11,107 15,246 Deferred revenue, current portion 31,020 33,429 Lease liabilities and financing obligations, current portion 6,536 6,871 Total current liabilities 61,837 75,635 Deferred revenue, net of current portion 4,638 5,079 Convertible senior notes 193,843 187,949 Lease liabilities and financing obligations, net current portion 82,294 88,572 Other non-current liabilities 2,000 92 Total liabilities 344,612 357,327 Commitments and contingencies Redeemable preferred stock: Series A preferred stock, par value $0.001, 5,000,000 shares authorized, 1,777,778 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively, liquidation preference $45 per share as of June 30, 2020 79,193 Stockholders' deficit: Common stock, par value $0.001, 50,000,000 shares authorized, 32,175,444 and 32,788,980 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively 32 33 Additional paid-in capital 423,122 426,025 Accumulated deficit (474,759 ) (451,702 ) Total stockholders' deficit (51,605 ) (25,644 ) Total liabilities, redeemable preferred stock and stockholders' deficit $ 372,200 $ 331,683 Benefitfocus, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss $ (22,998 ) $ (29,147 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash and cash equivalents used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 12,105 10,949 Stock-based compensation expense 7,000 10,086 Accretion of interest on convertible senior notes 5,894 5,541 Interest accrual on finance lease liabilities 44 Rent expense (less than) in excess of payments (16 ) 3 Provision for doubtful accounts 111 265 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net 3,711 (10,671 ) Contract, prepaid and other current assets 3,672 (476 ) Deferred costs and other non-current assets 740 2,851 Accounts payable and accrued expenses (7,318 ) (4,085 ) Accrued compensation and benefits (4,139 ) 273 Deferred revenue (2,850 ) (6,004 ) Other non-current liabilities 1,910 (46 ) Net cash and cash equivalents used in operating activities (2,134 ) (20,461 ) Cash flows from investing activities Business combination, net of cash acquired (20,914 ) Purchases of property and equipment (7,075 ) (7,401 ) Net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities (7,075 ) (28,315 ) Cash flows from financing activities Draws on revolving line of credit 10,000 Payments on revolving line of credit (10,000 ) Payments of debt issuance costs (154 ) (357 ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs 79,840 Payments of preferred dividends (462 ) Repurchase of common stock (9,667 ) Proceeds from exercises of stock options and ESPP 225 134 Payments on financing obligations (416 ) (841 ) Payments of principal on finance lease liabilities (7,637 ) (2,699 ) Net cash and cash equivalents provided by (used in) financing activities 61,729 (3,763 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 52,520 (52,539 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 130,976 190,928 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 183,496 $ 138,389 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities Property and equipment purchases in accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 37 $ 437 Benefitfocus, Inc. Unaudited Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures (in thousands, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended June 30, June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Reconciliation from Gross Profit to Non-GAAP Gross Profit: Gross profit $ 31,777 $ 35,777 $ 64,019 $ 71,224 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 323 308 640 407 Stock-based compensation expense 633 691 1,300 1,590 Total net adjustments 956 999 1,940 1,997 Non-GAAP gross profit $ 32,733 $ 36,776 $ 65,959 $ 73,221 Reconciliation from Operating Loss to Non-GAAP Operating Loss: Operating loss $ (6,093 ) $ (9,787 ) $ (11,764 ) $ (18,845 ) Amortization of acquired intangible assets 568 605 1,137 795 Stock-based compensation expense 3,323 3,719 7,000 10,086 Transaction and acquisition-related costs expensed 215 360 407 1,002 Costs not core to our business 266 586 Total net adjustments 4,106 4,950 8,544 12,469 Non-GAAP operating loss $ (1,987 ) $ (4,837 ) $ (3,220 ) $ (6,376 ) Reconciliation from Net Loss to Adjusted EBITDA: Net loss $ (11,862 ) $ (14,938 ) $ (22,998 ) $ (29,147 ) Depreciation 3,926 3,690 7,722 7,657 Amortization of software development costs 1,727 1,319 3,246 2,497 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 568 605 1,137 795 Interest income (97 ) (762 ) (523 ) (1,422 ) Interest expense 5,862 5,837 11,753 11,651 Income tax expense 6 3 11 9 Stock-based compensation expense 3,323 3,719 7,000 10,086 Transaction and acquisition-related costs expensed 215 360 407 1,002 Restructuring costs 5,616 5,616 Costs not core to our business 266 586 Total net adjustments 21,146 15,037 36,369 32,861 Adjusted EBITDA $ 9,284 $ 99 $ 13,371 $ 3,714 Reconciliation from Net Loss to Non-GAAP Net Loss: Net loss $ (11,862 ) $ (14,938 ) $ (22,998 ) $ (29,147 ) Amortization of acquired intangible assets 568 605 1,137 795 Stock-based compensation expense 3,323 3,719 7,000 10,086 Transaction and acquisition-related costs expensed 215 360 407 1,002 Costs not core to our business 266 586 Total net adjustments 4,106 4,950 8,544 12,469 Non-GAAP net loss $ (7,756 ) $ (9,988 ) $ (14,454 ) $ (16,678 ) Calculation of Non-GAAP Earnings Per Share: Non-GAAP net loss $ (7,756 ) $ (9,988 ) $ (14,454 ) $ (16,678 ) Preferred dividends (462 ) (462 ) Non-GAAP net loss available to common stockholders $ (8,218 ) $ (9,988 ) $ (14,916 ) $ (16,678 ) Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 32,058,387 32,613,718 32,348,673 32,336,864 Shares used in computing non-GAAP net loss per share - basic and diluted 32,058,387 32,613,718 32,348,673 32,336,864 Non-GAAP net loss per common share - basic and diluted $ (0.26 ) $ (0.31 ) $ (0.46 ) $ (0.52 ) Benefitfocus, Inc. 843-981-8898 pr@benefitfocus.com Investor Relations: Patti Leahy 843-981-8899 ir@benefitfocus.com

Broadcom to Acquire CA Technologies for $18.9 Billion in Cash - Builds One of the World's Leading Infrastructure Technology Companies - Continues Broadcom's Focus on Acquiring Established Mission Critical Technology Businesses - Expands Broadcom's TAM to Include Growing and Fragmented Infrastructure Software Market - Provides Broadcom with Significant Recurring Revenue - Expected to Drive Broadcom's Long-Term Adjusted EBITDA Margins Above 55% and be Immediately Accretive to Broadcom's Non-GAAP EPS - Expected to Enable Broadcom to Sustain Double-Digit EPS CAGR - Expected to Close in Fourth Calendar Quarter of 2018 SAN JOSE, Calif. and NEW YORK, July 11, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ: AVGO), a leading semiconductor device supplier to the wired, wireless, enterprise storage, and industrial end markets, and CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA), one of the world's leading providers of information technology (IT) management software and solutions, today announced that the companies have entered into a definitive agreement under which Broadcom has agreed to acquire CA to build one of the world's leading infrastructure technology companies. Under the terms of the agreement, which has been approved by the boards of directors of both companies, CA's shareholders will receive $44.50 per share in cash. This represents a premium of approximately 20% to the closing price of CA common stock on July 11, 2018, the last trading day prior to the transaction announcement, and a premium of approximately 23% to CA's volume-weighted average price ("VWAP") for the last 30 trading days. The all-cash transaction represents an equity value of approximately $18.9 billion, and an enterprise value of approximately $18.4 billion. Hock Tan, President and Chief Executive Officer of Broadcom, said, "This transaction represents an important building block as we create one of the world's leading infrastructure technology companies. With its sizeable installed base of customers, CA is uniquely positioned across the growing and fragmented infrastructure software market, and its mainframe and enterprise software franchises will add to our portfolio of mission critical technology businesses. We intend to continue to strengthen these franchises to meet the growing demand for infrastructure software solutions." "We are excited to have reached this definitive agreement with Broadcom," said Mike Gregoire, CA Technologies Chief Executive Officer. "This combination aligns our expertise in software with Broadcom's leadership in the semiconductor industry. The benefits of this agreement extend to our shareholders who will receive a significant and immediate premium for their shares, as well as our employees who will join an organization that shares our values of innovation, collaboration and engineering excellence. We look forward to completing the transaction and ensuring a smooth transition." The transaction is expected to drive Broadcom's long-term Adjusted EBITDA margins above 55% and be immediately accretive to Broadcom's non-GAAP EPS. On a combined basis, Broadcom expects to have last twelve months non-GAAP revenues of approximately $23.9 billion and last twelve months non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $11.6 billion. As a global leader in mainframe and enterprise software, CA's solutions help organizations of all sizes develop, manage, and secure complex IT environments that increase productivity and enhance competitiveness. CA leverages its learnings and development expertise across its Mainframe and Enterprise Solutions businesses, resulting in cross enterprise, multi-platform support for customers. The majority of CA's largest customers transact with CA across both its Mainframe and Enterprise Solutions portfolios. CA benefits from predictable and recurring revenues with the average duration of bookings exceeding three years. CA operates across 40 countries and currently holds more than 1,500 patents worldwide, with more than 950 patents pending. Financing and Path to Completion Broadcom intends to fund the transaction with cash on hand and $18.0 billion in new, fully-committed debt financing. Broadcom expects to maintain an investment grade rating, given its strong cash flow generation and intention to rapidly de-leverage. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the approval of CA shareholders and antitrust approvals in the U.S., the EU and Japan. Careal Property Group AG and affiliates, who collectively own approximately 25% of the outstanding shares of CA common stock, have entered into a voting agreement to vote in favor of the transaction. The closing of the transaction is expected to occur in the fourth calendar quarter of 2018. Additional Materials An investor presentation and fact sheet will be posted at investors.broadcom.com and will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About Broadcom Inc. Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO), a U.S. based corporation headquartered in San Jose, CA, is a leading designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of digital and analog semiconductor connectivity solutions. Broadcom Inc.'s extensive product portfolio serves four primary end markets: wired infrastructure, wireless communications, enterprise storage and industrial & other. Applications for our products in these end markets include: data center networking, home connectivity, set-top box, broadband access, telecommunications equipment, smartphones and base stations, data center servers and storage, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays. About CA Technologies CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) creates software that fuels transformation for companies and enables them to seize the opportunities of the application economy. Software is at the heart of every business in every industry. From planning, to development, to management and security, CA is working with companies worldwide to change the way we live, transact, and communicate across mobile, private and public cloud, distributed and mainframe environments. Learn more at www.ca.com. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to GAAP reporting, Broadcom provides investors with certain information on a non-GAAP basis, including earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"). This non-GAAP information excludes amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, share-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, acquisition-related costs, and debt extinguishment losses. Management does not believe that the excluded items are reflective of Broadcom's underlying performance. The exclusion of these and other similar items from Broadcom's non-GAAP presentation should not be interpreted as implying that these items are non-recurring, infrequent or unusual. Broadcom believes this non-GAAP financial information provides additional insight into the Company's on-going performance and has therefore chosen to provide this information to investors for a more consistent basis of comparison and to help them evaluate the results of the Company's on-going operations and enable more meaningful period to period comparisons. These non-GAAP measures are provided in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Broadcom is not readily able to provide a reconciliation of the projected non-GAAP financial information presented herein to the relevant projected GAAP financial measures thereof without unreasonable effort. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial data included in this announcement to relevant GAAP historical financial data is available in the Investor Center on the Broadcom website. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended) concerning Broadcom and CA. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the expected completion and timing of the proposed transaction, expected benefits and costs of the proposed transaction, and management plans relating to the proposed transaction, and statements that address each company's expected future business and financial performance and other statements identified by words such as "will", "expect", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate", "should", "intend", "plan", "potential", "predict" "project", "aim", and similar words, phrases or expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs of the management of Broadcom and CA (as the case may be), as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, such management, current market trends and market conditions and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of each company's and each company's management's control, and which may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Those risks, uncertainties and assumptions include: the risk that the proposed transaction may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect Broadcom's and CA's business and the price of the common stock of Broadcom and CA; the failure to satisfy any of the conditions to the consummation of the proposed transaction, including the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the stockholders of CA and the receipt of certain regulatory approvals; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement; the effect of the announcement or pendency of the proposed transaction on Broadcom's and CA's business relationships, operating results and business generally; risks that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations and the potential difficulties in employee retention as a result of the proposed transaction; risks related to diverting management's attention from ongoing business operations; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted related to the Merger Agreement or the proposed transaction; unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the proposed transaction; the ability of Broadcom to achieve its plans, forecasts and other expectations with respect to CA's business after completion of the proposed transaction; and other risks described in CA's filings and Broadcom's and its predecessors' filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, such as Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Other particular uncertainties that could materially affect future results include risks associated with: any loss of Broadcom's or CA's significant customers and fluctuations in the timing and volume of significant customer demand; Broadcom's dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourced supply chain; Broadcom's dependency on a limited number of suppliers; any other acquisitions Broadcom may make, such as delays, challenges and expenses associated with receiving governmental and regulatory approvals and satisfying other closing conditions, and with integrating acquired companies with Broadcom's existing businesses and Broadcom's ability to achieve the benefits, growth prospects and synergies expected by such acquisitions; Broadcom's ability to accurately estimate customers' demand and adjust its manufacturing and supply chain accordingly; Broadcom's significant indebtedness, including the additional significant indebtedness that Broadcom expects to incur in connection with the proposed transaction and the need to generate sufficient cash flows to service and repay such debt; dependence on a small number of markets and the rate of growth in these markets; dependence on and risks associated with distributors of Broadcom products; dependence on senior management; quarterly and annual fluctuations in operating results; global economic conditions and concerns; the amount and frequency of Broadcom stock repurchases; cyclicality in the semiconductor or enterprise software industry or in target markets; Broadcom's competitive performance and ability to continue achieving design wins with its customers, as well as the timing of any design wins; prolonged disruptions of Broadcom's or its contract manufacturers' manufacturing facilities or other significant operations; Broadcom's ability to improve its manufacturing efficiency and quality; Broadcom's dependence on outsourced service providers for certain key business services and their ability to execute to Broadcom's requirements; Broadcom's ability to maintain or improve gross margin; each of Broadcom's and CA's ability to protect its respective intellectual property and the unpredictability of any associated litigation expenses; any expenses or reputational damage associated with resolving customer product warranty and indemnification claims; Broadcom's and CA's ability to sell to new types of customers and to keep pace with technological advances; market acceptance of the end products into which Broadcom's and CA's products are designed; Broadcom's overall cash tax costs, legislation that may impact its overall cash tax costs and its ability to maintain tax concessions in certain jurisdictions; and other events and trends on a national, regional and global scale, including those of a political, economic, business, competitive and regulatory nature. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this communication. Neither Broadcom nor CA undertake any intent or obligation to publicly update or revise any of the estimates and other forward-looking statements made in this announcement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Additional Information and Where to Find It This communication is being made in respect of the proposed transaction involving CA and Broadcom. In connection with the proposed transaction, CA intends to file relevant materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including a preliminary proxy statement on Schedule 14A. Promptly after filing its definitive proxy statement with the SEC, CA will mail the definitive proxy statement and a proxy card to each stockholder of CA entitled to vote at the special meeting relating to the proposed transaction. This communication is not a substitute for the proxy statement or any other document that CA may file with the SEC or send to its stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING DECISION, STOCKHOLDERS OF CA ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION THAT CA WILL FILE WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT CA AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. The definitive proxy statement, the preliminary proxy statement and other relevant materials in connection with the proposed transaction (when they become available), and any other documents filed by CA with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's website (http://www.sec.gov) or at CA's website (http://www.ca.com) or by contacting CA's Investor Relations at [email protected]. Participants in the Solicitation CA and its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from CA's stockholders with respect to the proposed transaction. Information about CA's directors and executive officers and their ownership of CA's common stock is set forth in CA's proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on June 29, 2018, and CA's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, which was filed with the SEC on May 9, 2018. Additional information regarding the potential participants, and their direct or indirect interests in the proposed transaction, by security holdings or otherwise, will be set forth in the proxy statement and other materials to be filed with SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. Contact for Broadcom: Joele Frank / Steve Frankel / Andi Rose Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher212-355-4449 Contact for CA Technologies: Joseph Stunkard Corporate Communications 646-826-6010 [email protected] SOURCE Broadcom Inc.

Fastenal Company Announces Two-For-One Stock Split WINONA, Minn., April 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Fastenal Company (Nasdaq:FAST) announced today that its board of directors approved a two-for-one stock split of the Company's outstanding common stock. Holders of the Company's common stock of record at the close of business on May 2, 2019, will receive one additional share of common stock for every share of common stock they own. The stock split will take effect at the close of business on May 22, 2019. About Fastenal Fastenal helps customers simplify and realize product and process savings across their supply chain. We sell a broad offering of products spanning more than nine major product lines from fasteners and tools to safety and janitorial supplies. These products are efficiently distributed to manufacturing facilities, job sites, and other customer locations through local service teams and point-of-use inventory solutions, including industrial vending technology and bin stock programs (Fastenal Managed Inventory, or FMI ). Our distribution system centers on approximately 3,100 in-market locations (a combination of public branches and customer-specific Onsite locations), primarily in North America but also in Asia, Europe, and Central and South America, each providing tailored inventory, flexible service, and custom solutions to drive the unique goals of local customers. These in-market servicing locations are supported by 14 regional distribution centers, a captive logistics fleet, robust sourcing, quality and manufacturing resources, and multiple teams of industry specialists and support personnel all working toward Fastenal s common goal of Growth Through Customer Service . Additional information regarding Fastenal is available on the Fastenal Company website at www.fastenal.com . FAST-G

Quidel Receives FDA Clearance, CLIA Waiver for Its Point-of-Care Sofia 2 Lyme Fluorescent Immunoassay for Use with Sofia 2 Instrument from Finger-Stick Whole Blood Specimens SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Quidel Corporation (NASDAQ: QDEL) ( Quidel ), a provider of rapid diagnostic testing solutions, cellular-based virology assays and molecular diagnostic systems, announced today that it has received 510(k) clearance and Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) waiver from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to market its Sofia 2 Lyme FIA to be used with the Sofia 2 Fluorescent Immunoassay Analyzer for the rapid differential detection of human IgM and IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi from finger-stick whole blood specimens from patients suspected of B. burgdorferi infection. The test is intended for use with the Sofia 2 analyzer to aid in the diagnosis of Lyme disease. Sofia 2 is Quidel s next-generation version of its best-selling Sofia instrumented system. Sofia 2 utilizes the original Sofia s fluorescent chemistry design while improving upon the graphical user interface and optics system to provide an accurate, objective and automated result in as few as 3 minutes. Sofia 2 also integrates wireless connectivity and its barcode scanner within a smaller footprint than the legacy Sofia instrument. The next-generation Sofia 2 system also comes connected to Virena , Quidel s data management system, which provides aggregated, de-identified testing data in near real-time. Lyme disease is the most common tickborne disease in North America and Europe1. In the United States, Lyme disease is caused by the bacterium, Borrelia burgdorferi, transmitted through the bite of an infected blacklegged tick1,2. Patients infected with B. burgdorferi may experience symptoms associated with three stages: early localized disease, early disseminated disease, and late persistent disease1. The most characteristic symptom of early localized disease is the appearance of erythema migrans (EM) on the skin1,3. EM may also be accompanied by flu-like symptoms days or weeks after infection3. In the second stage, early disseminated disease, untreated patients may begin to see neurological and rheumatological manifestations, and less commonly, dermatological, cardiac, or ophthalmological manifestations. These symptoms generally appear weeks to months after infection1. If the disease continues to be left untreated, late persistent disease may also follow months or years later with continued progression of manifestations in the joints, heart, skin, and nervous system2,3. Early detection and treatment of Lyme disease can help resolve symptoms and prevent progression of the disease1. The primary means of identifying B. burgdorferi infection is detection of the body s IgM and IgG antibody response by way of immunoassay3. Detection of IgM antibodies to B. burgdorferi is generally most significant in the earlier stages of the disease. Conversely, detection of IgG antibodies has proven to be significant for longer periods, as the antibodies may remain detectable years after infection. The Sofia 2 Lyme FIA uses a bi-directional test strip format to detect both IgM and IgG antibodies to B. burgdorferi from a single finger-stick whole blood sample. One side of the test strip detects IgM antibodies to B. burgdorferi and the other side of the test strip detects IgG antibodies to B. burgdorferi. The Sofia 2 Lyme FIA is also novel in that it can process samples from less invasive finger-stick whole blood specimens instead of blood samples collected though venipuncture, the traditional method of sample collection for Lyme testing. The assay s whole blood sample processing technology speeds the time to diagnosis, is less invasive to the patient, and allows the test to be CLIA waived by the FDA. CLIA waiver for the Sofia 2 Lyme FIA markedly expands the available market for the Sofia 2 test system, which allows the test to be run in physician offices, as well as in several thousand hospitals, medical centers, smaller clinics, and alternate sites (e.g., urgent care centers, free standing emergency departments, retail clinics, etc.) in the United States. The Sofia 2 Lyme FIA s 510(k) clearance and CLIA Waiver for use on the Sofia 2 instrument will allow healthcare workers to generate a result in a single office visit, accelerating the time to diagnosis and potential treatment of Lyme Disease for the patient. This is another example of our ability to provide simple, cost-effective solutions for physician offices and hospitals that previously had to wait several days for send-out results, said Douglas Bryant, president and chief executive officer of Quidel Corporation. We expect that this new product introduction will increase the value of our Sofia 2 platform, and could create incremental instrument placement opportunities in traditional healthcare institutions that are closer to the patient, as well as in the rapidly growing alternate site segment of point of care. The Sofia 2 Lyme FIA is the fourth Sofia test for use on the Sofia 2 system that has been 510(k) cleared and CLIA waived by the FDA: the Sofia Influenza A+B FIA, the Sofia RSV FIA, and the Sofia Strep A+ FIA were 510(k) cleared and CLIA waived by the FDA in 2017. Quidel also markets the moderately complex Sofia Lyme FIA in the US, as well as Sofia Legionella FIA and Sofia S. pneumoniae FIA in Europe. About Quidel Corporation Quidel Corporation serves to enhance the health and well-being of people around the globe through the development of diagnostic solutions that can lead to improved patient outcomes and provide economic benefits to the healthcare system. Marketed under the Sofia , QuickVue , D3 Direct Detection, Thyretain , Triage and InflammaDry leading brand names, as well as under the new Solana , AmpliVue and Lyra molecular diagnostic brands, Quidel s products aid in the detection and diagnosis of many critical diseases and conditions, including, among others, influenza, respiratory syncytial virus, Strep A, herpes, pregnancy, thyroid disease and fecal occult blood. Quidel's recently acquired Triage system of tests comprises a comprehensive test menu that provides rapid, cost-effective treatment decisions at the point-of-care (POC), offering a diverse immunoassay menu in a variety of tests to provide healthcare providers with diagnostic answers for quantitative BNP, CK-MB, d-dimer, myoglobin, troponin I and qualitative TOX Drug Screen. Quidel s research and development engine is also developing a continuum of diagnostic solutions from advanced immunoassay to molecular diagnostic tests to further improve the quality of healthcare in physicians offices and hospital and reference laboratories. For more information about Quidel s comprehensive product portfolio, visit quidel.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that involve material risks, assumptions and uncertainties. Many possible events or factors could affect our future financial results and performance, such that our actual results and performance may differ materially from those that may be described or implied in the forward-looking statements. As such, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Differences in actual results and performance may arise as a result of a number of factors including, without limitation, our reliance on sales of our influenza diagnostic tests; fluctuations in our operating results resulting from the timing of the onset, length and severity of cold and flu seasons, seasonality, government and media attention focused on influenza and the related potential impact on humans from novel influenza viruses, adverse changes in competitive conditions in domestic and international markets, the reimbursement system currently in place and future changes to that system, changes in economic conditions in our domestic and international markets, lower than anticipated market penetration of our products, the quantity of our product in our distributors inventory or distribution channels, changes in the buying patterns of our distributors, and changes in the healthcare market and consolidation of our customer base; our development and protection of proprietary technology rights; our development of new technologies, products and markets; our reliance on a limited number of key distributors; intellectual property risks, including but not limited to, infringement litigation; our need for additional funds to finance our capital or operating needs; the financial soundness of our customers and suppliers; acceptance of our products among physicians and other healthcare providers; competition with other providers of diagnostic products; adverse actions or delays in new product reviews or related to currently-marketed products by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ) or other regulatory authorities or loss of any previously received regulatory approvals or clearances; changes in government policies; our exposure to claims and litigation, including litigation currently pending against us; costs of or our failure to comply with government regulations in addition to FDA regulations; compliance with government regulations relating to the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous substances; third-party reimbursement policies; our failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to billing and payment for healthcare services; our ability to meet demand for our products; interruptions in our supply of raw materials; product defects; business risks not covered by insurance; our exposure to cyber-based attacks and security breaches; competition for and loss of management and key personnel; international risks, including but not limited to, compliance with product registration requirements, exposure to currency exchange fluctuations and foreign currency exchange risk sharing arrangements, longer payment cycles, lower selling prices and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable, reduced protection of intellectual property rights, political and economic instability, taxes, and diversion of lower priced international products into U.S. markets; changes in tax rates and exposure to additional tax liabilities or assessments; risks relating to the acquisition and integration of the Triage and BNP Businesses; Alere s failure to perform under various transition agreements relating to our acquisition of the Triage and BNP Businesses; that we may incur substantial costs to build our information technology infrastructure to transition the Triage and BNP Businesses; that we may have to write off goodwill relating to our acquisition of the Triage and BNP Businesses; that we our ability to manage our growth strategy; the level of our indebtedness; the amount of, and our ability to repay, renew or extend, our outstanding debt and its impact on our operations and our ability to obtain financing; that substantially the Senior Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of our assets; our prepayment requirements under the Senior Credit Facility; the agreements for our indebtedness place operating and financial restrictions on the Company; that an event of default could trigger acceleration of our outstanding indebtedness; our inability to settle conversions of our Convertible Senior Notes in cash; the effect on our operating results from the trigger of the conditional conversion feature of our Convertible Senior Notes; that we may incur additional indebtedness; increases in interest rate relating to our variable rate debt; dilution resulting from future sales of our equity; volatility in our stock price; provisions in our charter documents, Delaware law and the indenture governing our Convertible Senior Notes that might delay or impede stockholder actions with respect to business combinations or similar transactions; and our intention of not paying dividends. Forward-looking statements typically are identified by the use of terms such as may, will, should, might, expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, intend, goal, project, strategy, future, and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. The risks described in reports and registration statements that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) from time to time, should be carefully considered. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management s analysis only as of the date of this press release. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly release the results of any revision or update of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Westlake Chemical Announces Expansion of Existing Share Repurchase Program HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Board of Directors of Westlake Chemical Corporation (NYSE: WLK) on Friday, August 17, 2018, authorized the company to repurchase an additional $150 million of shares of its common stock under its existing share repurchase program. As of August 17, 2018, approximately 6.5 million shares of common stock had been acquired at an aggregate purchase price of approximately $360 million under the program. After this expansion of the size of the program, and as of the same date, an aggregate of approximately $290 million will be available for purchase under the program. This expansion is effective immediately. Repurchases under this program will be made through the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. Decisions regarding the amount and the timing of purchases under the program will be influenced by the company s cash on hand, the company s cash flow from operations, general market conditions and other factors. The program may be discontinued by the Board of Directors at any time. The statements in this release that are not historical facts, including statements regarding future repurchases of common stock, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially, based on factors including, but not limited to: general economic and business conditions; the cyclical nature of the chemical industry; availability, cost and volatility of raw materials and utilities, including natural gas and natural gas liquids from shale production; the price of crude oil; uncertainties associated with the United States and worldwide economies, including those due to global economic and financial conditions; governmental regulatory actions, including environmental regulation and changes in trade policies; political unrest; industry production capacity and operating rates; the supply/demand balance for Westlake's products; competitive products and pricing pressures; access to capital markets; technological developments; the effect and results of litigation and settlements of litigation; operating interruptions; and other risk factors. For more detailed information about the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to Westlake's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, which was filed with the SEC in February 2018. About Westlake Chemical Corporation Westlake Chemical Corporation is an international manufacturer and supplier of petrochemicals, polymers and building products with headquarters in Houston. The company's range of products includes: ethylene, polyethylene, styrene, propylene, chlor-alkali and derivative products, polyvinyl chloride (PVC) suspension and specialty resins, PVC compounds, and PVC building products including siding, pipe, fittings and specialty components, windows, fence, deck and film. For more information, visit the company's Web site at www.westlake.com.

OPKO and Pfizer Announce Positive Phase 3 Top-Line Results for Somatrogon, an Investigational Long-Acting Human Growth Hormone to Treat Children with Growth Hormone Deficiency Results demonstrated potential to reduce current dosing frequency from once-daily to a single weekly injection MIAMI and NEW YORK, Oct. 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OPKO Health Inc. (NASDAQ: OPK) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) announced today that the global Phase 3 trial evaluating somatrogon dosed once-weekly in pre-pubertal children with growth hormone deficiency (GHD) met its primary endpoint of non-inferiority to daily GENOTROPIN (somatropin) for injection, as measured by annual height velocity at 12 months. Top-line results from the study demonstrated that treatment with somatrogon dosed once-weekly in pre-pubertal children with GHD was non-inferior to somatropin dosed once-daily with respect to height velocity at 12 months of treatment (the primary endpoint); the least square mean was higher in the somatrogon group (10.12 cm/year) than in the somatropin group (9.78 cm/year); the treatment difference (somatrogon somatropin) in height velocity (cm/year) was 0.33 with a two-sided 95% confidence interval of the difference of (-0.39, 1.05). In addition, change in height standard deviation scores at six and 12 months, key secondary endpoints, were higher in the somatrogon dosed once-weekly cohort in comparison to the somatropin dosed once-daily cohort. Moreover, at six months, change in height velocity, another key secondary endpoint, was higher in the somatrogon dosed once-weekly cohort in comparison to the somatropin dosed once-daily cohort. These common measures of growth are employed in the clinical setting to measure the potential level of catch-up growth that subjects may experience relative to heights of age and gender matched peers. Somatrogon was generally well tolerated in the study and comparable to that of somatropin dosed once-daily with respect to the types, numbers and severity of the adverse events observed between the treatment arms. Immunogenicity testing and analysis of additional data are ongoing, and full results of the study will be submitted for presentation at a future scientific meeting. We are very pleased to announce these favorable top-line results demonstrating the efficacy of somatrogon dosed once-weekly in the pediatric patient population with GHD, said Phillip Frost, M.D., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of OPKO. Somatrogon is a new molecular entity incorporating OPKO s proprietary long-acting technology. We believe somatrogon represents a significant advance in the treatment of children with GHD compared to the current standard of one injection per day that could enhance a patient s adherence to treatment and quality of life. We re encouraged by these data and look forward to the possibility of bringing this longer-acting therapy to children. If approved, somatrogon could reduce the daily disease burden on children and their caregivers, potentially increasing treatment adherence, said Brenda Cooperstone, M.D., Chief Development Officer, Rare Disease, Pfizer Global Product Development. At Pfizer, we strive each and every day to advance treatment options that better serve the needs of patients with rare diseases. In 2014, Pfizer and OPKO entered into a worldwide agreement for the development and commercialization of somatrogon for the treatment of GHD. Under the agreement, OPKO is responsible for conducting the clinical program and Pfizer is responsible for registering and commercializing the product. About the Study The somatrogon Phase 3 trial is a randomized, open-label, active-controlled study conducted in over 20 countries. This study enrolled and treated 224 pre-pubertal, treatment-na ve children with growth hormone deficiency who were randomized 1:1 into two arms: somatrogon dosed once-weekly vs daily GENOTROPIN (somatropin) for injection. The primary endpoint of the trial was height velocity at 12 months. Secondary endpoints included change in height standard deviation at six and 12 months, safety and pharmacodynamic measures. Children completing this study had the opportunity to enroll in a global, open-label, multicenter, long-term extension study, in which they were able to either continue receiving or switch to somatrogon. Approximately 95% of the patients switched into the open-label extension study and received somatrogon treatment. About Somatrogon Somatrogon is a new molecular entity that contains the natural sequence of growth hormone and one copy of the C-terminal peptide (CTP) from the beta chain of human chorionic hCG at the N-terminus and two copies at the C-terminus. The CTPs extend the half-life of the molecule. Somatrogon received Orphan Drug designation in the U.S. and the EU for the treatment of children and adults with growth hormone deficiency. About Growth Hormone Deficiency Growth hormone deficiency is a rare disease characterized by the inadequate secretion of growth hormone from the pituitary gland and affects one in approximately 4,000 to 10,000 people. In children, this disease can be caused by genetic mutations or acquired after birth. Because the patient's pituitary gland secretes inadequate levels of somatropin, the hormone that causes growth, his or her height may be affected, and puberty may be delayed. Without treatment, he or she will have persistent growth attenuation, a very short height in adulthood, and may experience other health problems. About GENOTROPIN GENOTROPIN is a man-made, prescription treatment option, approved in the United States for children who do not make enough growth hormone on their own, have the genetic condition called Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS), were born smaller than most other babies, have the genetic condition called Turner syndrome (TS) or have idiopathic short stature (ISS). GENOTROPIN is also approved to treat adults with growth hormone deficiency. GENOTROPIN is taken by injection just below the skin and is available in a wide range of devices to fit a range of individual dosing needs. GENOTROPIN is just like the natural growth hormone that our bodies make and has an established safety profile. Important GENOTROPIN Safety Information Growth hormone should not be used to increase height in children after the growth plates have closed. Growth hormone should not be used in patients with diabetes who have certain types of diabetic retinopathy (eye problems). Growth hormone should not be used in patients with cancer or who are being treated for cancer. Growth hormone deficiency can be caused by brain tumors. So, the presence of these brain tumors should be ruled out before treatment is started. Growth hormone should not be used if it is shown that a previous brain tumor has come back or is getting larger. Growth hormone should not be used in patients who are critically ill because of surgery, trauma, or respiratory failure. Growth hormone should not be used in children with Prader-Willi syndrome who are very overweight or have severe breathing problems. GENOTROPIN should not be used by patients who have had an allergy or bad reaction to somatropin or any of the other ingredients in GENOTROPIN. Some patients have developed diabetes mellitus while taking GENOTROPIN. Dosage of diabetes medicines may need to be adjusted during growth hormone treatment. Patients should be watched carefully if growth hormone is given along with glucocorticoid therapy and/or other drugs that are processed by the body in the same way. In childhood cancer survivors, treatment with growth hormone may increase the risk of a new tumor, particularly certain benign brain tumors. This risk may be higher in patients who were treated with cranial radiation. Also, patients and their doctors should check regularly for any skin changes. A small number of patients treated with growth hormone have had increased pressure in the brain. This can cause headaches and problems with vision. Treatment should be stopped and reassessed in these patients. Patients with Turner syndrome and Prader-Willi syndrome may be at higher risk of developing increased pressure in the brain. Thyroid function should be checked regularly during growth hormone therapy. Thyroid hormone replacement therapy should be started or adjusted if needed. Patients treated with growth hormone should be checked regularly if they are receiving standard hormone replacement therapy to treat a lack of more than one hormone. In children experiencing rapid growth, curvature of the spine may develop or worsen. This is also called scoliosis. Patients with scoliosis should be checked regularly to make sure their scoliosis does not get worse during their growth hormone therapy. In children experiencing rapid growth, limping or hip or knee pain may occur. If a child getting growth hormone therapy starts to limp or gets hip or knee pain, the child s doctor should be notified and the child should be examined. Growth hormone should only be used during pregnancy if clearly needed. It should be used with caution in nursing mothers because it is not known whether growth hormone is passed into human milk. Use a different place on the body each day for growth hormone injections. This can help to prevent skin problems such as lumpiness or soreness. Some cases of pancreatitis (inflamed pancreas) have been reported rarely in children and adults receiving growth hormone. There is some evidence that there is a greater risk of this in children than in adults. Literature suggests that girls who have Turner syndrome may have a greater risk of pancreatitis than other children taking growth hormone. In any child who develops lasting, severe abdominal pain, pancreatitis should be considered. In studies of GENOTROPIN in children with GHD, side effects included injection site reactions, such as pain, redness/swelling, inflammation, bleeding, scarring, lumps, or rash. Other side effects were fat loss, headache, blood in the urine, low thyroid activity, and mildly increased blood sugar. In studies of GENOTROPIN in children born SGA, side effects included temporarily elevated blood sugar, increased pressure in the brain, early puberty, abnormal jaw growth, injection site reactions, growth of moles, and worsening of scoliosis (curvature of the spine). Deaths have been reported with the use of growth hormone in children with Prader-Willi syndrome. These children were extremely overweight, had breathing problems, and/or lung infection. All patients with Prader-Willi syndrome should be examined for these problems. They should also establish healthy weight control. In studies of GENOTROPIN in children with PWS, side effects included fluid retention, aggressiveness, joint and muscle pain, hair loss, headache, and increased pressure in the brain. Turner syndrome patients taking growth hormone therapy may be more likely to get ear infections. This is also called otitis media. In studies of GENOTROPIN in children with Turner syndrome, side effects included flu, throat, ear, or sinus infection, runny nose, joint pain, and urinary tract infection. In studies of GENOTROPIN in children with ISS, side effects included respiratory illnesses, flu, throat infection, inflammation of the nose and throat, stomach pain, headaches, increased appetite, fever, fracture, mood changes, and joint pain. Women who are taking estrogen by mouth may take GENOTROPIN. They may need a larger dose of growth hormone. GENOTROPIN may be taken by the elderly. Elderly patients may be more likely to have side effects with growth hormone therapy. In studies of GENOTROPIN in adults with GHD, side effects included fluid retention, joint or muscle pain, stiffness, and changes in sensation. Usually these side effects did not last long and depended on the dose of GENOTROPIN being taken. GENOTROPIN cartridges contain m-Cresol and should not be used by patients allergic to it. A health care provider will help you with the first injection. He or she will also train you on how to inject GENOTROPIN. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088. For the full Prescribing Information for GENOTROPIN, please visit http://labeling.pfizer.com/ShowLabeling.aspx?id=577. GENOTROPIN Indications and Usage in the U.S. GENOTROPIN is a prescription product for the treatment of growth failure in children: Who do not make enough growth hormone on their own. This condition is called growth hormone deficiency (GHD). With a genetic condition called Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS). Growth hormone is not right for all children with PWS. Check with your doctor. Who were born smaller than most other babies born after the same number of weeks of pregnancy. Some of these babies may not show catch-up growth by age 2 years. This condition is called small for gestational age (SGA). With a genetic condition called Turner syndrome (TS). With idiopathic short stature (ISS), which means that they are shorter than 98.8% of other children of the same age and sex; they are growing at a rate that is not likely to allow them to reach normal adult height, and their growth plates have not closed. Other causes of short height should be ruled out. ISS has no known cause. GENOTROPIN is a prescription product for the replacement of growth hormone in adults with growth hormone deficiency (GHD) that started either in childhood or as an adult. Your doctor should do tests to be sure you have GHD, as appropriate. About OPKO Health, Inc. OPKO is a multinational biopharmaceutical and diagnostics company that seeks to establish industry-leading positions in large, rapidly growing markets by leveraging its discovery, development, and commercialization expertise and novel and proprietary technologies. For more information, visit http://www.OPKO.com . Pfizer Rare Disease Rare disease includes some of the most serious of all illnesses and impacts millions of patients worldwide, representing an opportunity to apply our knowledge and expertise to help make a significant impact on addressing unmet medical needs. The Pfizer focus on rare disease builds on more than two decades of experience, a dedicated research unit focusing on rare disease, and a global portfolio of multiple medicines within a number of disease areas of focus, including rare hematologic, neurologic, cardiac and inherited metabolic disorders. Pfizer Rare Disease combines pioneering science and deep understanding of how diseases work with insights from innovative strategic collaborations with academic researchers, patients, and other companies to deliver transformative treatments and solutions. We innovate every day leveraging our global footprint to accelerate the development and delivery of groundbreaking medicines and the hope of cures. Click here to learn more about our Rare Disease portfolio and how we empower patients, engage communities in our clinical development programs, and support programs that heighten disease awareness. Pfizer Inc.: Breakthroughs that change patients lives At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products, including innovative medicines and vaccines. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com . In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @Pfizer_News, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. DISCLOSURE NOTICE: The information contained in this release is as of October 21, 2019. Pfizer and OPKO assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about a product candidate, somatrogon dosed once-weekly in pre-pubertal children with growth hormone deficiency (or GHD) and Pfizer s rare disease portfolio, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable new clinical data and further analyses of existing clinical data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities; whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from our clinical studies; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any jurisdictions for somatrogon; whether and when any such applications may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on myriad factors, including making a determination as to whether the product's benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the product's efficacy and, if approved, whether somatrogon will be commercially successful; decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of somatrogon; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer s and OPKO s respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and in their respective subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned Risk Factors , Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results , Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , as well as in their respective subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and, as applicable, www.pfizer.com and www.OPKO.com .

Frequency Electronics Announces the AWARD of TWO CONTRACTS VALUED at APPROXIMATELY $7.2 MILLION MITCHEL FIELD, N.Y., March 12, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Frequency Electronics, Inc. (NASDAQ: FEIM), announces the award of two contracts with an aggregate value of approximately $7.2 million. Both contracts are for design and manufacture of master oscillators and time/frequency generation electronics that will be incorporated into US Government space and airborne platforms, respectively. Further details on the contracts cannot be disclosed. FEI CEO, Stan Sloane commented, We are pleased to be selected for these programs and continue our legacy of delivering critical elements for key military platforms. FEI s technologies are unsurpassed and our track record for performance and reliability is reflected in these awards. About Frequency Electronics Frequency Electronics, Inc. is a world leader in the design, development and manufacture of high precision timing, frequency generation and RF control products for space and terrestrial applications. Frequency s products are used in satellite payloads and in other commercial, government and military systems including C4ISR and electronic warfare, missiles, UAVs, aircraft, GPS, secure communications, energy exploration and wireline and wireless networks. Frequency has received over 100 awards of excellence for achievements in providing high performance electronic assemblies for over 150 space and DOD programs. The Company invests significant resources in research and development to expand its capabilities and markets. Frequency s Mission Statement: Our mission is to provide precision time and low phase noise frequency generation systems from 1 Hz to 50 GHz, for space and other challenging environments. Subsidiaries and Affiliates: FEI-Zyfer provides GPS and secure timing ("SAASM") capabilities for critical military and commercial applications; FEI-Elcom Tech provides sub-systems for Electronic Warfare ( EW ) and state-of-the-art RF microwave products. Additional information is available on the Company s website: www.frequencyelectronics.com Contact information: Stanton Sloane, President & Chief Executive Officer; Steven Bernstein, Chief Financial Officer TELEPHONE: (516) 794-4500 ext.5000 WEBSITE: www.freqelec.com

Diana Shipping Inc. Announces Time Charter Contracts for m/v Electra With Oldendorff and m/v Protefs With Phaethon ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 22, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Diana Shipping Inc. (NYSE: DSX), (the Company ), a global shipping company specializing in the ownership of dry bulk vessels, today announced that, through a separate wholly-owned subsidiary, it has entered into a time charter contract with Oldendorff Carriers GmbH & Co. KG, L beck, Germany, for one of its Post-Panamax dry bulk vessels, the m/v Electra. The gross charter rate is US$10,250 per day, minus a 5% commission paid to third parties, for a period of minimum eleven (11) months to maximum thirteen (13) months. The charter commenced earlier today. The Electra is a 87,150 dwt Post-Panamax dry bulk vessel built in 2013. The Company also announced that, through a separate wholly-owned subsidiary, it has entered into a time charter contract with Phaethon International Company AG, for one of its Panamax dry bulk vessels, the m/v Protefs. The gross charter rate is US$9,900 per day, minus a 5% commission paid to third parties, for a period until minimum January 1, 2021 up to maximum March 31, 2021. The charter is expected to commence on November 27, 2019. The Protefs is a 73,630 dwt Panamax dry bulk vessel built in 2004. The employments of Electra and Protefs are anticipated to generate approximately US$7.29 million of gross revenue for the minimum scheduled period of the time charters. Diana Shipping Inc. s fleet currently consists of 42 dry bulk vessels (4 Newcastlemax, 14 Capesize, 5 Post-Panamax, 5 Kamsarmax and 14 Panamax). As of today, the combined carrying capacity of our fleet is approximately 5.2 million dwt with a weighted average age of 9.41 years.. A table describing the current Diana Shipping Inc. fleet can be found on the Company s website, www.dianashippinginc.com. Information contained on the Company s website does not constitute a part of this press release. About the Company Diana Shipping Inc. is a global provider of shipping transportation services through its ownership of dry bulk vessels. The Company s vessels are employed primarily on medium to long-term time charters and transport a range of dry bulk cargoes, including such commodities as iron ore, coal, grain and other materials along worldwide shipping routes. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words believe, anticipate, intends, estimate, forecast, project, plan, potential, may, should, expect, pending and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including without limitation, Company management s examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company s records and other data available from third parties. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies that are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond the Company s control, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or accomplish these expectations, beliefs or projections. In addition to these important factors, other important factors that, in the Company s view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the strength of world economies and currencies, general market conditions, including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values, changes in demand for dry bulk shipping capacity, changes in the Company s operating expenses, including bunker prices, drydocking and insurance costs, the market for the Company s vessels, availability of financing and refinancing, changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities, potential liability from pending or future litigation, general domestic and international political conditions, potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events, vessel breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see the Company s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Corporate Contact: Ioannis Zafirakis Director, Chief Strategy Officer and Secretary Telephone: + 30-210-9470-100 Email: Website: www.dianashippinginc.com Investor and Media Relations: Edward Nebb Comm-Counsellors, LLC Telephone: + 1-203-972-8350 Email:

OFS Capital Corporation Announces $10 Million Stock Repurchase Program CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--OFS Capital Corporation (Nasdaq: OFS) ( OFS or OFS Capital ) announced today that its Board of Directors has approved a stock repurchase program whereby OFS is authorized to repurchase up to $10 million in the aggregate of its outstanding common stock. Under the program, OFS is authorized to repurchase shares in open market transactions, including through block purchases, depending on prevailing market conditions and other factors. The repurchase program may be extended, modified or discontinued at any time for any reason. The program does not obligate OFS to acquire any specific number of shares, and all repurchases will be made in accordance with SEC Rule 10b-18, which sets certain restrictions on the method, timing, price and volume of stock repurchases. About OFS Capital Corporation OFS Capital Corporation is an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company. OFS Capital's investment objective is to provide stockholders with both current income and capital appreciation primarily through debt investments and, to a lesser extent, equity investments. OFS Capital invests primarily in privately held middle-market companies in the United States, including lower-middle-market companies, targeting investments of $3 to $20 million in companies with annual EBITDA between $3 million and $50 million. OFS Capital offers flexible solutions through a variety of asset classes including senior secured loans, which includes first-lien, second-lien and unitranche loans, as well as subordinated loans and, to a lesser extent, warrants and other equity securities. OFS Capital's investment activities are managed by OFS Capital Management, LLC, an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, with additional offices in New York and Los Angeles.

Suncor Energy declares increased dividend and announces additional share repurchase program All financial figures are in Canadian dollars. CALGARY, Alberta, Feb. 05, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Suncor Energy s Board of Directors has approved a quarterly dividend of $0.465 per share on its common shares, payable March 25, 2020 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 4, 2020. This dividend represents an approximate 11% increase over the prior quarter and marks 18 years of consecutive annualized dividend increases. The dividend increase is supported by sustainable, structural improvements to free funds flow through sustained asset reliability, debottlenecks, cost reductions, margin improvement projects, and technological advancements. In addition, the current $2.5 billion share repurchase program will expire at the end of February. As a result and based on expectations of sustainable future cash flow, Suncor s Board of Directors has approved a renewal of its share repurchase program of up to $2 billion beginning March 1, 2020. Legal Advisory Forward-Looking Information This news release contains certain forward-looking information and forward-looking statements (collectively referred to herein as forward-looking statements ) within the meaning of applicable Canadian and U.S. securities laws. Forward-looking statements in this news release include references to: the sustainability of free funds flow improvements, the expectation that the current $2.5 billion share repurchase program will expire at the end of February, the expectation of sustainable future cash flow, and the additional share repurchase program of up to $2 billion. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words like expect , "will", future and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on Suncor s current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions that were made by the company in light of its information available at the time the statement was made and consider Suncor s experience and its perception of historical trends, including expectations and assumptions concerning: the accuracy of reserves and resources estimates; commodity prices and interest and foreign exchange rates; the performance of assets and equipment; capital efficiencies and cost savings; applicable laws and government policies; future production rates; the sufficiency of budgeted capital expenditures in carrying out planned activities; the availability and cost of labour, services and infrastructure; the satisfaction by third parties of their obligations to Suncor; the execution of projects; and the receipt, in a timely manner, of regulatory and third-party approvals. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and uncertainties, some that are similar to other oil and gas companies and some that are unique to Suncor. Suncor s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by its forward-looking statements, so readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on them. Suncor s most recently filed quarterly Report to Shareholders, its Annual Information Form, Form 40-F and Annual Report to Shareholders, each dated February 28, 2019, and other documents it files from time to time with securities regulatory authorities describe the risks, uncertainties, material assumptions and other factors that could influence actual results and such factors are incorporated herein by reference. Copies of these documents are available without charge from Suncor at 150 6th Avenue S.W., Calgary, Alberta T2P 3E3; by email request to invest@suncor.com; by calling 1-800-558-9071; or by referring to suncor.com/FinancialReports or to the company s profile on SEDAR at sedar.com or EDGAR at sec.gov. Except as required by applicable securities laws, Suncor disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Suncor Energy is Canada's leading integrated energy company. Suncor's operations include oil sands development and upgrading, offshore oil and gas production, petroleum refining, and product marketing under the Petro-Canada brand. A member of Dow Jones Sustainability indexes, FTSE4Good and CDP, Suncor is working to responsibly develop petroleum resources while also growing a renewable energy portfolio. Suncor is listed on the UN Global Compact 100 stock index. Suncor's common shares (symbol: SU) are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges. For more information about Suncor, visit our web site at suncor.com, follow us on Twitter @Suncor or together.suncor.com Media inquiries: 1-833-296-4570 media@suncor.com Investor inquiries: 1-800-558-9071 invest@suncor.com

JinkoSolar Announces up to US$100 Million Share Repurchase Program SHANGHAI, March 12, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd. (the "Company," or "JinkoSolar") (NYSE: JKS), one of the largest and most innovative solar module manufacturers in the world, today announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program on March 12, 2020, which authorizes the Company to repurchase up to US$100 million of its ordinary shares represented by American depositary shares ("ADSs") within twelve months. Purchases may be made from time to time on the open market at prevailing market prices in open-market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or block trades, and/or through other legally permissible means, depending on market conditions and in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations. The timing and conditions of the share repurchases will be subject to various factors including the requirements under Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act, as well as JinkoSolar's insider trading policy. JinkoSolar plans to use its existing funds to fund repurchases made under the share repurchase program. Mr. Kangping Chen, Chief Executive Officer of JinkoSolar, commented, "This share repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors reflects our confidence in our future growth prospects. We are convinced that our technological transformation, industry-leading cost structure and expanding mono capacity have ideally positioned us to benefit from the enormous growth opportunities this sector continues to generate." About JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd. JinkoSolar (NYSE: JKS) is one of the largest and most innovative solar module manufacturers in the world. JinkoSolar distributes it solar products and sells its solutions and services to a diversified international utility, commercial, and residential customer base in China, the United States, Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, Chile, South Africa, India, Mexico, Brazil, the United Arab Emirates, Italy, Spain, France, Belgium, and other countries and regions. JinkoSolar has built a vertically integrated solar product value chain, with an integrated annual capacity of 11.5 GW for mono wafers, 10.6 GW for solar cells, and 16 GW for solar modules, as of December 31, 2019. JinkoSolar has over 15,000 employees across its 7 production facilities globally, 15 overseas subsidiaries in Japan, Korea, Singapore, India, Turkey, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Chile, Australia, and United Emirates, and global sales teams in China, United Kingdom, France, Netherlands, Spain, Bulgaria, Greece, Romania, Ukraine, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Egypt, Morocco, Nigeria, Kenya, South Africa, Costa Rica, Colombia, Panama, and Argentina. To find out more, please see: www.jinkosolar.com. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements constitute "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates" and similar statements. Among other things, the quotations from management in this press release and the Company's operations and business outlook, contain forward-looking statements. Such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these and other risks is included in JinkoSolar's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 20-F. Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For investor and media inquiries, please contact: In ChinaMs. Ripple ZhangJinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd.Tel: +86 21-5183-3105Email: [email protected] Mr. Christian ArnellChristensenTel: +86 10 5900 2940Email: [email protected] In the USMs. Linda Bergkamp Christensen, Scottsdale, ArizonaTel: +1-480-614-3004Email: [email protected] SOURCE JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd. Related Links www.jinkosolar.com

Allergan Announces FDA Approval of AVYCAZ (ceftazidime and avibactam) for Pediatric Patients Label Now Includes New Data on Use of AVYCAZ for Treatment of cUTI and cIAI in Pediatric Patients 3 Months of Age and Older DUBLIN, March 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the company's supplemental New Drug Application (sNDA) for AVYCAZ (ceftazidime and avibactam), expanding the label to include pediatric patients 3 months and older for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) in combination with metronidazole and complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI). This is the first FDA approval of a pediatric indication for cUTI and cIAI in more than a decade. "Difficult-to-treat gram-negative pathogens pose a significant health risk, particularly to the vulnerable and sensitive pediatric patient population with few options for treatment," said David Nicholson, Chief Research & Development Officer at Allergan. "As resistance rises among the gram-negative pathogens that cause these serious infections, the expanded label for AVYCAZ provides a safe and effective treatment option now for pediatric patients with cIAI and cUTI. These expanded indications in pediatric patients with infections, including infants and those at a particularly young age, address an unmet need among this vulnerable population and underscore Allergan's efforts in anti-infective research." The label expansion was approved based on results from two active-controlled clinical studies evaluating AVYCAZ in children or infants with cIAI or cUTI, as well as a single-dose pharmacokinetic study. In the cIAI study, the safety and efficacy of AVYCAZ (in combination with metronidazole) was compared with meropenem. In the cUTI study, AVYCAZ was compared with cefepime. Across the trials, 128 pediatric patients 3 months to less than 18 years of age were treated with AVYCAZ. Overall, the findings from the pediatric studies were similar to the previous determination of safety for AVYCAZ for the treatment of adult patients with cIAI or cUTI, and no new safety concerns were identified in pediatric patients. The primary objectives of the studies were to evaluate the safety and tolerability of AVYCAZ, and they were not powered for a statistical analysis of efficacy. The descriptive efficacy analyses in the pediatric studies were consistent with data from studies in adults with cIAI and cUTI. In the pediatric cIAI study, the clinical cure rate at the test-of-cure (TOC) visit in the intent-to-treat (ITT) population was 91.8% (56/61) in the AVYCAZ plus metronidazole group and 95.5% (21/22) in the meropenem group. Clinical cure rates for the predominant pathogens, Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa, were 90.5% and 85.7%, respectively for patients treated with AVYCAZ plus metronidazole, and 92.3% and 88.9%, respectively, for patients treated with meropenem. In the pediatric cUTI study, the combined favorable clinical and microbiological response rate at TOC in the microbiological-ITT population was 72.2% (39/54) in the AVYCAZ group and 60.9% (14/23) in the cefepime group. The microbiologic response rate for E.coli, the most common uropathogen identified in the study, was 79.6% for patients treated with AVYCAZ and 59.1% for patients treated with cefepime. AVYCAZ was first approved by the FDA in February 2015 for the treatment of cUTI including pyelonephritis, and cIAI in combination with metronidazole, caused by designated susceptible bacteria including certain Enterobacteriaceae and P. aeruginosa, for patients 18 years of age and older. AVYCAZ was subsequently approved for the treatment of adults with hospital-acquired pneumonia / ventilator-associated pneumonia (HABP/VABP) caused by designated susceptible bacteria in February 2018. About AVYCAZ (ceftazidime and avibactam) AVYCAZ is a fixed-dose combination antibacterial indicated for the treatment of cIAI (in combination with metronidazole), and cUTI caused by designated susceptible Gram-negative microorganisms in patients 3 months or older. AVYCAZ is also indicated for the treatment of hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia and ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia (HABP/VABP) in adults. AVYCAZ consists of a combination of avibactam and ceftazidime. Avibactam is a first-in-class non-beta-lactam beta-lactamase inhibitor which protects ceftazidime against degradation by certain beta-lactamases. Avibactam does not decrease the activity of ceftazidime against ceftazidime-susceptible organisms. Ceftazadime is a third-generation cephalosporin with a well-established efficacy and safety profile. AVYCAZ has demonstrated in vitro activity against Enterobacteriaceae in the presence of some beta-lactamases and extended-spectrum beta-lactamases (ESBLs) of the following groups: TEM, SHV, CTX-M, Klebsiella pneumoniae carbapenemase (KPCs), AmpC and certain oxacillinases (OXA). AVYCAZ also demonstrated in vitro activity against P. aeruginosa in the presence of some AmpC beta-lactamases, and certain strains lacking outer membrane porin (OprD). AVYCAZ is not active against bacteria that produce metallo-beta lactamases and may not have activity against Gram-negative bacteria that overexpress efflux pumps or have porin mutations. Ceftazidime and avibactam is being jointly developed with Pfizer. Allergan holds the rights to commercialize ceftazidime and avibactam in North America under the brand name AVYCAZ, while Pfizer holds the rights to commercialize the combination in the rest of the world under the brand name ZAVICEFTA ." INDICATIONS AND USAGE Complicated Intra-Abdominal Infections (cIAI)AVYCAZ (ceftazidime and avibactam), in combination with metronidazole, is indicated for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) in adult and pediatric patients 3 months or older caused by the following susceptible Gram-negative microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Enterobacter cloacae, Klebsiella oxytoca, Citrobacter freundii complex, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Complicated Urinary Tract Infections (cUTI), including PyelonephritisAVYCAZ is indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI) including pyelonephritis in adult and pediatric patients 3 months or older caused by the following susceptible Gram-negative microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Enterobacter cloacae, Citrobacter freundii complex, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Hospital-acquired Bacterial Pneumonia and Ventilator-associated Bacterial Pneumonia (HABP/VABP)AVYCAZ is indicated for the treatment of hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia and ventilator associated bacterial pneumonia (HABP/VABP) in patients 18 years or older caused by the following susceptible Gram-negative microorganisms: Klebsiella pneumoniae, Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Serratia marcescens, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Haemophilus influenzae. UsageTo reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of AVYCAZ and other antibacterial drugs, AVYCAZ should be used to treat only indicated infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION CONTRAINDICATIONSAVYCAZ is contraindicated in patients with known serious hypersensitivity to the components of AVYCAZ (ceftazidime and avibactam), avibactam-containing products, or other members of the cephalosporin class. WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS In a Phase 3 cIAI trial in adult patients, clinical cure rates were lower in a subgroup of patients with baseline creatinine clearance (CrCl) of 30 to less than or equal to 50 mL/min compared to those with CrCl greater than 50 mL/min. The reduction in clinical cure rates was more marked in patients treated with AVYCAZ plus metronidazole compared to meropenem-treated patients. Within this subgroup, patients treated with AVYCAZ received a 33% lower daily dose than is currently recommended for patients with CrCl of 30 to less than or equal to 50 mL/min. Clinical cure rate in patients with normal renal function/mild renal impairment (CrCl greater than 50 mL/min) was 85% (322/379) with AVYCAZ plus metronidazole vs 86% (321/373) with meropenem, and clinical cure rate in patients with moderate renal impairment (CrCl 30 to less than or equal to 50 mL/min) was 45% (14/31) with AVYCAZ plus metronidazole vs 74% (26/35) with meropenem. The decreased clinical response was not observed for patients with moderate renal impairment at baseline (CrCl 30 to less than or equal to 50 mL/min) in the Phase 3 cUTI trials or the Phase 3 HABP/VABP trial. Monitor CrCl at least daily in adult and pediatric patients with changing renal function and adjust the dosage of AVYCAZ accordingly. Serious and occasionally fatal hypersensitivity (anaphylactic) reactions and serious skin reactions have been reported in patients receiving beta-lactam antibacterial drugs. Before therapy with AVYCAZ is instituted, careful inquiry about previous hypersensitivity reactions to other cephalosporins, penicillins, or carbapenems should be made. Exercise caution if this product is to be given to a penicillin or other beta-lactam-allergic patient because cross sensitivity among beta-lactam antibacterial drugs has been established. Discontinue the drug if an allergic reaction to AVYCAZ occurs. Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea (CDAD) has been reported for nearly all systemic antibacterial drugs, including AVYCAZ, and may range in severity from mild diarrhea to fatal colitis. Careful medical history is necessary because CDAD has been reported to occur more than 2 months after the administration of antibacterial drugs. If CDAD is suspected or confirmed, antibacterials not directed against C. difficile should be discontinued, if possible. Seizures, nonconvulsive status epilepticus (NCSE), encephalopathy, coma, asterixis, neuromuscular excitability, and myoclonia have been reported in patients treated with ceftazidime, particularly in the setting of renal impairment. Adjust dosing based on CrCl. Prescribing AVYCAZ in the absence of a proven or strongly suspected bacterial infection is unlikely to provide benefit to the patient and increases the risk of the development of drug-resistant bacteria. ADVERSE REACTIONSAdult cIAI, cUTI and HABP/VABP Patients:The most common adverse reactions in adult patients with cIAI ( 5% when used with metronidazole) were diarrhea (8%), nausea (7%), and vomiting (5%). The most common adverse reactions in adult patients with cUTI (3%) were diarrhea and nausea. The most common adverse reactions in adult patients with HABP/VABP ( 5%) were diarrhea (15%) and vomiting (6%). Pediatric cIAI and cUTI Patients:The most common adverse reactions in pediatric patients with cIAI and cUTI (>3%) were vomiting, diarrhea, rash, and infusion site phlebitis. Please see the full Prescribing Information for AVYCAZ at www.avycaz.com. About Allergan plcAllergan plc (NYSE: AGN), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is a bold, global pharmaceutical leader. Allergan is focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceutical, device, biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products for patients around the world. Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products primarily focused on four key therapeutic areas including medical aesthetics, eye care, central nervous system and gastroenterology. Allergan is an industry leader in Open Science, a model of research and development, which defines our approach to identifying and developing game-changing ideas and innovation for better patient care. With this approach, Allergan has built one of the broadest development pipelines in the pharmaceutical industry. Allergan's success is powered by our global colleagues' commitment to being Bold for Life. Together, we build bridges, power ideas, act fast and drive results for our customers and patients around the world by always doing what is right. With commercial operations in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives every day. For more information, visit Allergan's website at www.Allergan.com. Forward-Looking Statement Statements contained in this press release that refer to future events or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Allergan's current perspective on existing trends and information as of the date of this release. Actual results may differ materially from Allergan's current expectations depending upon a number of factors affecting Allergan's business. These factors include, among others, the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of FDA approvals or actions, if any; the impact of competitive products and pricing; market acceptance of and continued demand for Allergan's products; the impact of uncertainty around timing of generic entry related to key products, including RESTASIS , on our financial results; risks associated with divestitures, acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures; risks related to impairments; uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected cost reductions, projected debt reduction, projected synergies, restructurings, increased costs, and adverse tax consequences; difficulties or delays in manufacturing; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Allergan's periodic public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to Allergan's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. CONTACTS: Allergan: Investors:Manisha Narasimhan, PhD(862) 261-7162 Media:Amy Rose(862) 289-3072 SOURCE Allergan plc Related Links http://www.Allergan.com

Fox Corporation Announces $2 Billion Stock Repurchase Program and Execution of a Stockholders Agreement with the Murdoch Family Trust $500 Million Repurchase to Commence Immediately NEW YORK and LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Fox Corporation (Nasdaq: FOXA, FOX) (the "Company") today announced that its Board of Directors (the "Board") has authorized a $2 billion stock repurchase program. Subject to market conditions and other factors, the Company intends to repurchase, in the open market or otherwise, a combination of the Company's Class A common stock and Class B common stock. This stock repurchase program has no time limit and may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. The Company also announced that it has entered into an accelerated stock repurchase ("ASR") transaction to repurchase, in the aggregate, $350 million of the Company's Class A common stock pursuant to the stock repurchase program. The Company also intends to promptly repurchase approximately $150 million of Class B common stock. As a result, the Company expects to complete approximately $500 million of aggregate stock repurchases in the near term. Lachlan K. Murdoch, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, commented: "We are committed to deploying capital to maximize long-term stockholder value through a balanced approach of appropriate organic investment, accretive M&A, and returns of capital to our stockholders. This stock buyback program reflects the confidence we have in the long-term investment case for the Company, which is underpinned by the strength of our core brands and the sustainability of our business, and which we believe is well positioned to continue to generate healthy free cash flow." The Board's decision follows the execution of a stockholders agreement by and between the Company and the Murdoch Family Trust ("MFT"), which was approved by the independent members of the Board, and which limits the potential accretion of voting power by the MFT and Murdoch family members through market purchases or as an indirect result of repurchases by the Company of shares of Class B common stock. The stockholders agreement provides that the MFT and the Company will not take actions that would result in the MFT and Murdoch family members together owning more than 44% of the outstanding voting power of the Class B common stock, or would increase the MFT's voting power by more than 1.75% in any rolling twelve-month period. The MFT would forfeit votes to the extent necessary to ensure that the MFT and the Murdoch family collectively do not exceed 44% of the outstanding voting power of the Class B Shares, except where a Murdoch family member votes their own shares differently from the MFT on any matter. The stockholders agreement will terminate upon the MFT's distribution of all or substantially all of its Class B common stock. The independent members of the Board were advised by Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and Morris Nichols Arsht & Tunnell LLP as independent counsel and Citi as independent financial advisor. About Fox Corporation Fox Corporation produces and distributes compelling news, sports and entertainment content through its iconic domestic brands including: FOX News Media, FOX Sports, FOX Entertainment, and FOX Television Stations. These brands hold cultural significance with consumers and commercial importance for distributors and advertisers. The breadth and depth of our footprint allows us to deliver content that engages and informs audiences, develop deeper consumer relationships and create more compelling product offerings. FOX maintains an impressive track record of news, sports, and entertainment industry success that will shape our strategy to capitalize on current strengths and invest in new initiatives. For more information about Fox Corporation, please visit www.FoxCorporation.com. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "may," "will," "should," "likely," "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "projects," "believes," "estimates," "outlook" and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements in this press release due to changes in economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory factors and other factors affecting the operation of the Company's businesses. More detailed information about these factors is contained in the documents the Company has filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K. Statements in this press release speak only as of the date they were made, and the Company undertakes no duty to update or release any revisions to any forward-looking statement made in this press release or to report any events or circumstances after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or to conform such statements to actual results or changes in the Company's expectations, except as required by law. SOURCE Fox Corporation Related Links https://www.foxcorporation.com

CPI Aerostructures Receives $14 Million in New Purchase Orders From Boeing Under A-10 Re-Winging Contract Funded orders now total approximately $20 million of potential $48 million contract EDGEWOOD, N.Y., May 28, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CPI Aerostructures, Inc. ( CPI Aero ) (NYSE American: CVU) announced today the receipt of purchase orders totaling approximately $14 million from Boeing (NYSE: BA) for structural assemblies for the A-10 Thunderbolt II under a previously announced Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract with a maximum ceiling value of $48 million . Under the terms of the IDIQ, CPI Aero will manufacture major structural subassemblies of the A-10 aircraft s wing. Including these new orders, CPI Aero has now received approximately $20 million in funding from Boeing for the production of A-10 re-wing structural assemblies and associated program start-up costs. First delivery is expected to be in late 2020 and the period of performance under current funding is expected to extend into 2022. On August 21, 2019, Boeing announced an award from the United States Air Force (USAF) with a maximum contract value of $999 million to manage the production of up to 112 new wing sets and spares kits for A-10 aircraft. Douglas McCrosson, president and CEO of CPI Aero, stated, These latest purchase orders represent a substantial commitment by the U.S. Air Force and Boeing to keeping this vital weapon system in the fight for years to come. New orders, such as these for the A-10, add to our already impressive funded backlog for products that are at the core of our country s national security mission and comprise both older platforms, like the A-10, and current generation programs. About CPI Aero CPI Aero is a U.S. manufacturer of structural assemblies for fixed wing aircraft, helicopters and airborne Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance pod systems in both the commercial aerospace and national security markets. Within the global aerostructure supply chain, CPI Aero is either a Tier 1 supplier to aircraft OEMs or a Tier 2 subcontractor to major Tier 1 manufacturers. CPI also is a prime contractor to the U.S. Department of Defense, primarily the Air Force. In conjunction with its assembly operations, CPI Aero provides engineering, program management, supply chain management, and MRO services. CPI Aero is included in the Russell Microcap Index. The above statements include forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are described from time to time in CPI Aero's SEC reports, including CPI Aero's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and Form 10-Q for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2019, June 30, 2019, and September 30, 2019. CPI Aero is a registered trademark of CPI Aerostructures, Inc. For more information, visit www.cpiaero.com, and follow us on Twitter @CPIAERO. Investor Relations Contacts: LHA Investor Relations Sanjay M. Hurry/Jody Burfening (212) 838-3777 cpiaero@lhai.com www.lhai.com

eXp World Holdings Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire VirBELA NEW ORLEANS, Oct. 23, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- eXp World Holdings, the holding company for eXp Realty, the largest residential real estate brokerage by geography in North America (NASDAQ: EXPI), today announced at its annual EXPCON conference that it has signed a letter of intent to acquire VirBELA, LLC s core group of products and services, and bring its team and technology in-house to the eXp World Holdings family of companies. The companies are working toward a definitive agreement, which is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. VirBELA offers a modern, cloud-based environment focused on education and team development with clients in various industries from government to retail. VirBELA developed eXp Realty s current cloud campus called eXp World in 2016, which provides 24/7 access to collaborative tools, training and socialization for the company s more than 14,000 real estate agents and nearly 300 staff across North America. eXp World and other virtual environments for business have been a huge part of eXp Realty s value proposition and key to the company s rapid geographic expansion. The acquisition will allow eXp Realty to continue to accelerate its business in a sustainable and innovative way. Nothing comes close to VirBELA s virtual world technology and we are excited about the possibilities for eXp Realty and beyond, said eXp World Holdings CEO, Chairman and Founder Glenn Sanford. Our excitement is not just for the day-to-day, in-world collaboration that we do at eXp Realty, but for a myriad of opportunities to expand the product offering for agents, teams and others who could benefit from their own, always-available environments for collaboration. eXp Realty has pushed the envelope on virtual world collaboration for more than nine years and we believe that being partnered at this level gives eXp Realty and VirBELA synergistic advantages that are unavailable as separate entities. This also will provide a unique opportunity to continue serving and expanding VirBELA s current customers. About eXp World Holdings eXp World Holdings, Inc., is the holding company for eXp Realty (NASDAQ: EXPI), the largest residential real estate brokerage by geography in North America. As the leading, national, cloud-based real estate brokerage, eXp Realty provides 24/7 access to collaborative tools, training and socialization for real estate brokers and agents through its virtual campus environment. It is one of the fastest growing real estate brokerage firms in North America operating in 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia and three Canadian provinces. As a publicly traded company, eXp World Holdings, Inc. uniquely offers real estate professionals within its ranks opportunities to earn company stock for production and contributions to overall company growth. For more information, please visit the company s website at www.eXpWorldHoldings.com . Connect with eXp Realty and eXp World Holdings: Media Relations Contact: Cynthia Nowak Vice president of marketing and communications, eXp Realty 360.419.5285 ext. 116 Investor Relations Contact: Greg Falesnik Managing director, MZ Group MZ North America 949.385.6449

Myovant Sciences Announces Positive Results from Second Phase 3 Study Evaluating Once-Daily Relugolix Combination Therapy in Women with Endometriosis Co-primary endpoints met with response rates of 74.5% for dysmenorrhea (menstrual pain) and 58.5% for non-menstrual pelvic pain (p-values < 0.0001) Women receiving relugolix combination therapy, on average, had a 73.3% reduction on the Numerical Rating Scale for dysmenorrhea from 7.3 (severe pain) to 1.8 (mild pain) Achieved all seven key secondary endpoints, including dyspareunia (painful intercourse) and a greater proportion of women not using opioids, with a generally well-tolerated safety profile including minimal bone mineral density loss Conference call and webcast to be held today at 8:30 a.m. EDT / 5:30 a.m. PDT BASEL, Switzerland, June 23, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Myovant Sciences (NYSE: MYOV), a healthcare company focused on redefining care for women and for men, today announced top-line results from SPIRIT 1, the second of two Phase 3 studies of once-daily relugolix combination therapy (relugolix 40 mg plus estradiol 1.0 mg and norethindrone acetate 0.5 mg) in women with pain associated with endometriosis. Relugolix combination therapy met its co-primary efficacy endpoints and all seven key secondary endpoints in the SPIRIT 1 study. In addition, relugolix combination therapy was generally well-tolerated and resulted in minimal bone mineral density loss over 24 weeks. An estimated six million women in the U.S. suffer from symptoms and effects of endometriosis, which can include severe pain and significant impact on well-being, as seen by the women who participated in the SPIRIT studies, said Eric L. Brown, M.D., a practicing obstetrician-gynecologist and coordinating investigator in the SPIRIT program. Women need and deserve treatment options beyond surgery, and these data indicate relugolix combination therapy has the potential to substantially reduce pain while improving function and activities of daily living and decreasing the proportion of women on opioids, all with a well-tolerated safety profile. Consistent with the previously announced SPIRIT 2 study, relugolix combination therapy achieved both co-primary endpoints by demonstrating clinically-meaningful pain reductions for 74.5% of women with dysmenorrhea (menstrual pain) and 58.5% of women with non-menstrual pelvic pain, compared to 26.9% and 39.6% of women in the placebo group, respectively (p-values < 0.0001). On average, women receiving relugolix combination therapy had a 73.3% reduction on the 11-point (0 to 10) Numerical Rating Scale for dysmenorrhea from 7.3 (severe pain) to 1.8 (mild pain). All seven key secondary endpoints measured at Week 24 and compared to placebo achieved statistical significance, including changes in mean dysmenorrhea and overall pelvic pain, impact of pain on daily activities as measured by the Endometriosis Health Profile-30 (EHP-30) pain domain, greater proportions of women not using analgesics (p-values < 0.0001), changes in mean non-menstrual pelvic pain (p = 0.0002), greater proportions of women not using opioids (p = 0.0005), and changes in mean dyspareunia (painful intercourse) (p = 0.0149). Relugolix combination therapy was generally well-tolerated with minimal bone mineral density loss over 24 weeks. The overall incidence of adverse events in the relugolix combination and placebo groups was similar (71.2% vs. 66.0%). In the relugolix combination therapy group, 3.8% of women had adverse events leading to discontinuation of treatment versus 1.9% in the placebo group. The only reported adverse events in at least 10% of women in the relugolix combination group were headache and hot flashes. There was one pregnancy in the relugolix combination group and three in the placebo group. Relugolix has now achieved positive results in five Phase 3 studies across three indications, demonstrating its potential to benefit women with pain from endometriosis and women with heavy menstrual bleeding from uterine fibroids as well as men with advanced prostate cancer, said Juan Camilo Arjona Ferreira, M.D., chief medical officer of Myovant Sciences. We look forward to sharing the one-year data from the SPIRIT extension study and submitting a New Drug Application to the FDA for this one dose, one pill, once a day potential treatment for women with endometriosis, which would be our third NDA submission in short succession. Eligible women who completed the SPIRIT 1 or SPIRIT 2 studies were offered the opportunity to enroll in an extension study and receive relugolix combination therapy for an additional 80-week period, resulting in a total treatment period of up to 104 weeks. The one-year results of this extension study, expected in the first quarter of 2021, will form the basis of the New Drug Application (NDA) together with the efficacy and safety data from the SPIRIT 1 and SPIRIT 2 studies. Conference Call Myovant will hold a conference call today, Tuesday, June 23, 2020 beginning at 8:30 a.m. EDT / 5:30 a.m. PDT to discuss results of the SPIRIT 1 Phase 3 study. The dial in numbers are 1-800-532-3746 for domestic callers and +1-470-495-9166 for international callers. A live webcast of the conference call will also be available on the investor relations page of Myovant s website at investors.myovant.com . After the live webcast, the event will remain archived on Myovant s website for at least 30 days. About the Phase 3 SPIRIT Program in Endometriosis Myovant s Phase 3 clinical program for endometriosis consists of two multinational, replicate pivotal clinical studies (SPIRIT 1 and SPIRIT 2) of relugolix combination therapy (relugolix 40 mg plus estradiol 1.0 mg and norethindrone acetate 0.5 mg) in over 1,200 women with pain associated with endometriosis. Women received treatment either with relugolix combination therapy for 24 weeks, relugolix 40 mg once daily monotherapy for 12 weeks followed by relugolix combination therapy once daily for an additional 12 weeks, or placebo once daily for 24 weeks. Eligible women who completed the SPIRIT 1 or SPIRIT 2 studies were offered the opportunity to enroll in an active treatment extension study in which all women receive relugolix combination therapy for an additional 80-week period, resulting in a total treatment period of up to 104 weeks, designed to evaluate the safety and sustained efficacy of longer-term treatment. About Endometriosis Endometriosis is an estrogen-dependent, inflammatory disease in which tissue similar to the uterine lining is found outside the uterine cavity, commonly in the lower abdomen or pelvis, on ovaries, the bladder, and the colon. This endometrial-like tissue outside the uterus results in chronic inflammation and can cause scarring and adhesions. The symptoms associated with endometriosis include painful periods and chronic pelvic pain, painful ovulation, pain during or after sexual intercourse, heavy bleeding, fatigue, and infertility. Endometriosis can also impact general physical, mental, and social well-being, requiring a multi-disciplinary approach to care. For endometriosis-associated pain, initial treatment options include hormonal contraceptives and over-the-counter pain medications. In more severe cases, GnRH agonists such as leuprolide acetate are used for short-term treatment. An estimated six million women in the U.S. suffer from symptoms of endometriosis, and an estimated one million women are inadequately treated by current medical therapy and require further treatment. Almost 200 million women are affected globally. About Relugolix Relugolix is a once-daily, oral gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptor antagonist that reduces production of ovarian estradiol, a hormone known to stimulate the growth of uterine fibroids and endometriosis, and testicular testosterone, a hormone known to stimulate the growth of prostate cancer. Myovant is developing a relugolix combination tablet (relugolix 40 mg, estradiol 1.0 mg, and norethindrone acetate 0.5 mg) for women with uterine fibroids and for women with endometriosis. Myovant is also developing relugolix as a monotherapy tablet (120 mg once daily) for men with advanced prostate cancer. About Myovant Sciences Myovant Sciences aspires to be the leading healthcare company focused on redefining care for women and for men. The company s lead product candidate is relugolix, a once-daily, oral GnRH receptor antagonist. The company has three late-stage clinical programs for relugolix in uterine fibroids, endometriosis, and prostate cancer. The company is also developing MVT-602, an oligopeptide kisspeptin-1 receptor agonist, that has completed a Phase 2a study for the treatment of female infertility as part of assisted reproduction. Takeda Pharmaceuticals International AG, a subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, the originator of relugolix, previously granted the company a worldwide license to develop and commercialize relugolix (excluding Japan and certain other Asian countries) and an exclusive license to develop and commercialize MVT-602 in all countries worldwide. Sumitovant Biopharma, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd., is the majority shareholder of Myovant. For more information, please visit the company s website at www.myovant.com . Follow @Myovant on Twitter and LinkedIn . Forward-Looking Statements This press-release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all statements regarding Myovant Sciences intent, belief, or expectations regarding future events or results and can be identified by words such as anticipate, aspire, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, likely, may, might, objective, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, to be, will, would, or the negative or plural of these words or other similar expressions or variations, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. In this press release, forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements and quotes regarding Myovant Sciences aspirations to become the leading healthcare company focused on redefining care for women and for men; statements summarizing and characterizing data from the SPIRIT 1 and SPIRIT 2 studies; the expected timing of results from the extension study and the timing of any NDA filing; Myovant s vision of a one dose, one pill, once a day treatment for women suffering from endometriosis and uterine fibroids; and the estimated market size for endometriosis and commercial potential for relugolix combination tablet for the treatment of women with endometriosis. Myovant Sciences forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors known and unknown that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Myovant Sciences cannot assure you that the events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could materially affect Myovant Sciences operations and future prospects or which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations include, but are not limited to the risks and uncertainties listed in Myovant Sciences filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including under the heading Risk Factors in Myovant Sciences Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 18, 2020, as such risk factors may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time. These risks are not exhaustive. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for Myovant Sciences management to predict all risk factors. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this press release, which speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, Myovant Sciences undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. Investor Contact: Frank Karbe President and Chief Financial Officer Myovant Sciences, Inc. investors@myovant.com

Cerner Announces 2-for-1 Stock Split KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 31, 2011 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cerner Corporation (Nasdaq:CERN) announced today that its board of directors approved a 2-for-1 split of the company's common stock in the form of a 100 percent stock dividend at a regularly scheduled board meeting on May 27, 2011. Each shareholder of record on June 15, 2011 will receive one additional share of common stock for each share held on that date. The distribution date for the new shares will be June 24, 2011. Cerner had approximately 84.4 million shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of May 27, 2011. The stock split will increase the common shares issued and outstanding to approximately 168.8 million. Answers to frequently asked questions are available on Cerner's Web site at www.cerner.com under the About Cerner section (click Investor Relations, then choose "2011 Stock Split FAQ"). About Cerner Cerner is transforming health care by eliminating error, variance and waste for health care providers and consumers around the world. Cerner solutions optimize processes for health care organizations ranging in size from single-doctor practices, to health systems, to entire countries, for the pharmaceutical and medical device industries, employer health and wellness services industry and for the health care commerce system. These solutions are licensed by approximately 9,000 facilities around the world, including more than 2,600 hospitals; 3,500 physician practices covering more than 30,000 physicians; 500 ambulatory facilities, such as laboratories, ambulatory centers, cardiac facilities, radiology clinics and surgery centers; 800 home health facilities; and 1,600 retail pharmacies. The trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, the "Marks") set forth herein are owned by Cerner Corporation and/or its subsidiaries in the United States and certain other countries throughout the world. Nasdaq: CERN. For more information about Cerner, please visit www.cerner.com, Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube . Cerner Media Contact: Kelli Christman (816) 885-4342 kelli.christman@cerner.com Cerner Investors Contact: Allan Kells (816) 201-2445 akells@cerner.com

Maximus Awarded $13 Million OPM Contract for Retirement and Insurance Services Assistance Continuing support of Federal annuitants with their health, vision, and dental insurance benefits enrollments RESTON, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Maximus (NYSE:MMS), a leading provider of government services worldwide, announced today that it has been awarded a contract from the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) for the Federal Annuitant Health Benefits Open Season Services, which allows Federal annuitants and their eligible dependents to make changes to their health, vision, and dental insurance benefits. The contract is for one-year, with four one-year options, valued at $13 million for the total contract period. The five-year award enables Maximus to continue its long-term support of OPM s Retirement and Insurance Services. Maximus will support OPM s ability to provide Federal annuitants and their dependents, who are of retirement age and those with medical disabilities, the opportunity to change their health, vision, and dental insurance benefits enrollments via an online enrollment portal, over the phone or via paper enrollment form. Maximus will additionally keep annuitants informed about their enrollment options through mailings and an updated website. The new contract includes the implementation of the Maximus Intelligent Assistant powered by Interactions ( Intelligent Assistant ) to provide annuitants with a modern self-service tool to manage their benefits. The Intelligent Assistant combines artificial intelligence and human understanding to allow annuitants to communicate naturally, enabling them to easily accomplish tasks via self-service, instead of requiring the assistance of a live agent. We are excited and honored to continue our 35-year partnership helping OPM in supporting federal retirees, said Bruce Caswell, President and CEO of Maximus. Federal employees, retirees and their dependents will benefit from our intelligent assistant solution which simplifies and streamlines the customer experience. We re pleased to provide a critical step forward in ensuring these citizens quickly and effectively receive the benefits and services they deserve. About Maximus Since 1975, Maximus has operated under its founding mission of Helping Government Serve the People , enabling citizens around the globe to successfully engage with their governments at all levels and across a variety of health and human services programs. Maximus delivers innovative business process management and technology solutions that contribute to improved outcomes for citizens and higher levels of productivity, accuracy, accountability, and efficiency of government-sponsored programs. With more than 35,000 employees worldwide, Maximus is a proud partner to government agencies in the United States, Australia, Canada, Italy, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. For more information, visit maximus.com.

Luxoft Holding, Inc Announces up to $60 Million Share Repurchase Program NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Luxoft Holding, Inc (NYSE:LXFT) today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to an aggregate of $60 million of its outstanding Class A ordinary shares. The repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market at prevailing market prices and will be funded from available cash. The Company will periodically evaluate market conditions and alternatives for deployment of the Company s capital over the coming months to determine whether repurchasing its shares is in the best interest of the Company s shareholders. The number of shares to be purchased and the timing of purchases will be based on the level of the Company s cash balances, general business and market conditions, and other factors, including alternative investment opportunities. The repurchase program is expected to continue for a period of two years unless suspended, extended or discontinued by the Board of Directors. Dmitry Loschinin, Luxoft President & CEO, commented, The Board's authorization of a share repurchase program reflects our continued efforts to maximize shareholder value and our confidence in the long-term growth of our business. At current price levels, we believe Luxoft s stock represents an investment opportunity for the Company. We believe we can continue to invest in the initiatives that are key to our future success as well as enhance the value of our Company by repurchasing stock under this program." About Luxoft Luxoft (NYSE:LXFT) is a global IT service provider of innovative technology solutions that delivers measurable business outcomes to multinational companies. Its offerings encompass strategic consulting, custom software development services, and digital solution engineering. Luxoft enables companies to compete by leveraging its multi-industry expertise in the financial services, automotive, communications, and healthcare & life sciences sectors. Its managed delivery model is underpinned by a highly-educated workforce, allowing the Company to continuously innovate upwards on the technology stack to meet evolving digital challenges. Luxoft has more than 13,100 employees across 41 cities in 20 countries within five continents, with its operating headquarters office in Zug, Switzerland. For more information, please visit the website. Forward-Looking Statements In addition to historical information, this release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of our business and financial condition, as well as the results of operations, liquidity, plans and objectives. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believe, may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, should, plan, expect, predict, potential, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: the persistence and intensification of competition in the IT industry; the future growth of spending in IT services outsourcing generally and in each of our industry verticals, application outsourcing and custom application development and offshore research and development services; the level of growth of demand for our services from our clients; the level of increase in revenue from our new clients; seasonal trends and the budget and work cycles of our clients; general economic and business conditions in our locations, including geopolitical instability and social, economic or political uncertainties, particularly in Russia and Ukraine, and any potential sanctions, restrictions or responses to such conditions imposed by some of the locations in which we operate; the levels of our concentration of revenues by vertical, geography, by client and by type of contract in the future; the expected timing of the increase in our corporate tax rate, or actual increases to our effective tax rate which we may experience from time to time; our expectations with respect to the proportion of our fixed price contracts; our expectation that we will be able to integrate and manage the companies we acquire and that our acquisitions will yield the benefits we envision; the demands we expect our rapid growth to place on our management and infrastructure; the sufficiency of our current cash, cash flow from operations, and lines of credit to meet our anticipated cash needs; the high proportion of our cost of services comprised of personnel salaries; our plans to introduce new products for commercial resale and licensing in addition to providing services; our anticipated joint venture with one of our clients; and our continued financial relationship with IBS Group Holding limited and its subsidiaries including expectations for the provision and purchase of services and purchase and lease of equipment; and other factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors in the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2017 and other documents filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this press release whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

General Dynamics Land Systems Receives Contract to Support Reset of U.S. Marine Corps Light Armored Vehicle Fleet New kit systems will modernize Marine Corps LAVs STERLING HEIGHTS, Mich., Feb. 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- General Dynamics Land Systems-Canada has been awarded a $37.2 million (USD) contract to deliver 60 hardware kits for the U.S. Marine Corps' Light Armored Vehicle (LAV) Reset Program.The hardware kit addresses key obsolescence and readiness issues and consists of a modern powerpack, driveline system, driver's instrument panel and a new turret slip ring. The fully integrated kits will be procured by General Dynamics and delivered to the Marine Corps for installation at Marine Corps Production Plants. U.S. Marine Corps Light Armored Vehicle (LAV). DoD photo. The contract was signed through the Canadian Commercial Corporation, a Crown corporation of the Government of Canada, under the Defense Production Sharing Agreement (DPSA) between Canada and the United States. Land Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics (NYSE: GD). General Dynamics Land Systems provides innovative design, engineering, technology, production and full life-cycle support for land combat vehicles around the globe. The company's extensive experience, customer-first focus and seasoned supply chain network provide unmatched capabilities to the U.S. military and its allies. More information about General Dynamics Land Systems is available at www.gdls.com.SOURCE General Dynamics Related Links http://www.gdls.com

Orgenesis Announces Stock Repurchase Plan of Up to $10 Million GERMANTOWN, Md., May 15, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Orgenesis Inc . (NASDAQ: ORGS) ( Orgenesis or the Company ), a pioneering global biotech company committed to accelerating commercialization and transforming the delivery of cell and gene therapies (CGTs) while lowering costs, announces that its Board of Directors has authorized a repurchase plan (the Repurchase Plan ) of up to $10 million of the Company s common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated block transactions. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased shall be subject to management s discretion and will depend upon a variety of factors including general and business market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, share price, and alternative investment opportunities. Any share repurchases shall be in accordance with the Company s repurchase plan under Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Repurchase Plan shall commence on May 29, 2020. The Repurchase Plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares in any period, and may be expanded, extended, modified, suspended or discontinued by the Board at any time. Any repurchased shares will be retired and returned to the Company s treasury. The Repurchase Plan will be funded using the Company s working capital. As of March 31, 2020 the Company had cash on hand of approximately $107 million. As of May 8, 2020, Orgenesis had approximately 22 million shares of common stock outstanding. Vered Caplan, CEO of Orgenesis, commented, Earlier this year, we completed the sale of Masthercell for approximately $127 million in net proceeds. Not only does this transaction strengthen our balance sheet, but it clearly illustrates our ability to create significant value for shareholders. Nevertheless, we are even more excited about the growth prospects now for our Cell & Gene Therapy (CGT) Biotech Platform, which we believe provides a pathway for groundbreaking autologous therapies to become commercially available on an industrial scale and at prices accessible to large populations. Since the beginning of this year alone, we are making significant traction building our pipeline of advanced POCare Therapeutics, broadening our suite of POCare Technologies, and expanding our POCare Network with some of the leading hospitals and research institutes in the world. I truly believe Orgenesis is well positioned to lead the CGT industry by lowering costs, accelerating commercialization and transforming the delivery of CGTs. For this reason, we are excited to announce board approval for the stock buyback at this time given the current share price, which we do not believe reflects the underlying value of the business. Between upcoming catalysts and opportunistic share repurchases, we are committed to maximizing long-term shareholder value. About Orgenesis Orgenesis is a pioneering global biotech company which is unlocking the full potential of personalized therapies and closed processing systems through its Cell & Gene Therapy Biotech Platform, with the ultimate aim of providing life changing treatments at the Point of Care to large numbers of patients at low cost. The Platform consists of: (a) POCare Therapeutics, a pipeline of licensed cell and gene therapies (CGTs), and proprietary scientific knowhow; (b) POCare Technologies, a suite of proprietary and in-licensed technologies which are engineered to create customized processing systems for affordable point of care therapies; and (c) POCare Network, a collaborative, international ecosystem of leading research institutes and hospitals committed to clinical development and supply of CGTs at the point of care. By combining science, technologies and a collaborative network, Orgenesis is able to identify the most promising new therapies and provide a pathway for them to reach patients more quickly, more efficiently and at scale, thereby unlocking the power of cell and gene therapy for all. Additional information is available at: www.orgenesis.com. Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements involve substantial uncertainties and risks and are based upon our current expectations, estimates and projections and reflect our beliefs and assumptions based upon information available to us at the date of this release. We caution readers that forward-looking statements are predictions based on our current expectations about future events. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including, but not limited to, certain risks and uncertainties relating to the stock repurchase plan, including our stock price, the trading volume of our stock, the nature of other investment opportunities presented to us from time to time, our cash flows from operations and general economic conditions and risks and uncertainties relating to our business, including our reliance on, and our ability to grow, our point-of-care cell therapy platform, our ability to effectively use the net proceeds from the sale of Masthercell, our ability to achieve and maintain overall profitability, the development of our POCare strategy, the sufficiency of working capital to realize our business plans, the development of our trans-differentiation technology as therapeutic treatment for diabetes which could, if successful, be a cure for Type 1 Diabetes; our technology not functioning as expected; our ability to retain key employees; our ability to satisfy the rigorous regulatory requirements for new procedures; our competitors developing better or cheaper alternatives to our products and the risks and uncertainties discussed under the heading "RISK FACTORS" in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31 2019, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason.

Covenant Transportation Group Announces Stock Repurchase Plan CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Feb. 10, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (NASDAQ/GS: CVTI) (the Company ) announced today that its Board of Directors has approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to $20 million of the Company's Class A common stock from time-to-time based upon market conditions and other factors. The stock may be repurchased on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The repurchased shares will be held as treasury stock and may be used for general corporate purposes as the Board may determine. The Company did not place a limit on the duration of the repurchase program. The stock repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares and the Company may suspend or terminate the program at any time without prior notice. Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. is the holding company for several transportation providers that offer premium transportation services for customers throughout the United States. The consolidated group includes operations from Covenant Transport and Covenant Transport Solutions of Chattanooga, Tennessee; Southern Refrigerated Transport of Texarkana, Arkansas; Landair Transport and Landair Logistics of Greeneville, Tennessee; and Star Transportation of Nashville, Tennessee. In addition, Transport Enterprise Leasing, of Chattanooga, Tennessee is an integral affiliated company providing revenue equipment sales and leasing services to the trucking industry. The Company's Class A common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select market under the symbol, CVTI . This press release contains certain statements that may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such statements are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Such statements may be identified by their use of terms or phrases such as "expects," "estimates," "projects," "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "intends," outlook, and similar terms and phrases. Forward-looking statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, which could cause future events and actual results to differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by, or underlying the forward-looking statements. In this press release, the statements relating to authorized stock repurchases under the stock repurchase plan are forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements: the number of shares repurchased, if any; the effects of repurchasing the shares on debt, equity, and liquidity; the effects of repurchasing no or a nominal number of shares; and the ultimate uses of repurchased shares, if any. In addition, several factors may affect the Company's business and its view as to the advisability of repurchasing shares or use of any repurchased shares. These factors, among others, include: elevated experience in the frequency and severity of claims relating to accident, cargo, workers' compensation, health, and other claims, increased insurance premiums, fluctuations in claims expenses that result from our self-insured retention amounts, including in our excess layers and in respect of claims for which we commute policy coverage, and the requirement that we pay additional premiums if there are claims in certain of those layers, differences between estimates used in establishing and adjusting claims reserves and actual results over time, adverse changes in claims experience and loss development factors, or additional changes in management's estimates of liability based upon such experience and development factors that cause our expectations of insurance and claims expense to be inaccurate or otherwise impacts our results; government regulations imposed on our captive insurance companies; changes in the market condition for used revenue equipment and real estate that impact our capital expenditures and our ability to dispose of revenue equipment and real estate on the schedule and for the prices we expect; increases in the prices paid for new revenue equipment that impact our capital expenditures and our results generally; changes in management s estimates of the need for new tractors and trailers; the effect of any reduction in tractor purchases on the number of tractors that will be accepted by manufacturers under tradeback arrangements; our inability to generate sufficient cash from operations and obtain financing on favorable terms to meet our significant ongoing capital requirements; our ability to respond to changes in our industry or business in light of our substantial indebtedness and lease obligations; our ability to sustain or increase profitability in the future; the risks related to our receivables factoring arrangements; our ability to maintain compliance with the provisions of our credit agreements, particularly financial covenants in our revolving credit facility; excess tractor or trailer capacity in the trucking industry; decreased demand for our services or loss of one or more of our major customers; our ability to renew dedicated service offering contracts on the terms and schedule we expect; surplus inventories, recessionary economic cycles, and downturns in customers' business cycles; strikes, work slowdowns, or work stoppages at the Company, customers, ports, or other shipping related facilities; increases or rapid fluctuations in fuel prices, as well as fluctuations in hedging activities and surcharge collection, including, but not limited to, changes in customer fuel surcharge policies and increases in fuel surcharge bases by customers; the volume and terms of diesel purchase commitments and hedging contracts; interest rates, fuel taxes, tolls, and license and registration fees; increases in compensation for and difficulty in attracting and retaining qualified drivers and independent contractors; our ability to retain our key employees; the risks associated with engaging independent contractors to provide a portion of our capacity; seasonal factors such as harsh weather conditions that increase operating costs; competition from trucking, rail, and intermodal competitors; our dependence on third-party providers, particularly in our Managed Freight segment; regulatory requirements that increase costs, decrease efficiency, or impact the availability or effective driving time of our drivers and other drivers in the industry, including the terms and exemptions from hours-of-service and electronic log requirements for drivers and the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration s Compliance, Safety, Accountability program applicable to driver standards and the methodology for determining a carrier s Department of Transportation safety rating; the proper functioning and availability of our management information and communication systems and other information technology assets; volatility of our stock price; remediation of a material weakness in our internal controls, including our ability to remediate the material weakness by December 31, 2019; our ability to implement internal controls at Landair by December 31, 2019; impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets; our ability to effectively manage the challenges associated with doing business internationally; future outcomes of litigation; uncertainties in the interpretation of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and other tax laws; the ability to reduce, or control increases in, operating costs; changes in the Company s business strategy that require the acquisition of new businesses, and the ability to identify acceptable acquisition candidates, consummate acquisitions, and integrate acquired operations (including our acquisition of Landair); our ability to achieve our strategic plan; fluctuations in the results of Transport Enterprise Leasing, which are included as equity in income (loss) of affiliate in our financial statements; our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and his wife control a large portion of our stock and have substantial control over us, which could limit other stockholders' ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including changes of control; and future share repurchases, if any. Readers should review and consider these factors along with the various disclosures by the Company in its press releases, stockholder reports, and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in the factors affecting the forward-looking information. For further information contact: Richard B. Cribbs, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer RCribbs@covenanttransport.com For copies of Company information contact: Theresa Ives, Executive Administrative Assistant TIves@covenanttransport.com

Aegion Corporation Awarded Three-Year Industrial Services Contract at Salt Lake City Refinery ST. LOUIS, Feb. 06, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aegion Corporation (Nasdaq Global Select Market: AEGN) today announced that a subsidiary of the Energy Services segment, Brinderson L.P. ( Brinderson ), has been awarded a three-year contract as the primary onsite mechanical services contractor for a major refinery in Salt Lake City, Utah, providing a variety of embedded services including daily onsite maintenance, small capital projects and turnaround support. The transition is expected to be completed in the first half of 2020. Brinderson will also implement several of its process tools aimed at performance improvement, including the use of workface planning in the execution of capital construction projects. Charles R. Gordon, Aegion s President and CEO, said, I am pleased we were able to leverage our more than 20-year working relationship with this leading blue-chip refinery operator to win this new contract. This award demonstrates the success of our expansion effort outside of the West Coast market and into the Rocky Mountain region, which included opening an operations hub in Salt Lake City in August 2019. Safety remains our highest priority and we are committed to partnering with the customer to provide high-quality services while ensuring the safety of our workers, customers and the community. About Aegion Corporation (NASDAQ: AEGN) Aegion combines innovative technologies with market-leading expertise to maintain, rehabilitate and strengthen infrastructure around the world. Since 1971, the Company has played a pioneering role in finding transformational solutions to rehabilitate aging infrastructure, primarily pipelines in the wastewater, water, energy, mining and refining industries. Aegion also maintains the efficient operation of refineries and other industrial facilities. Aegion is committed to Stronger. Safer. Infrastructure. More information about Aegion can be found at https://www.aegion.com/ . Forward-Looking Statements The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. Aegion s forward-looking statements in this news release represent its beliefs or expectations about future events or financial performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Aegion and on management s beliefs, assumptions, estimates or projections and are not guarantees of future events or results. When used in this document, the words anticipate, estimate, believe, plan, intend, may, will and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Such statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those referred to in the Risk Factors section of Aegion s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2019, and in subsequently filed documents. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events may not occur. In addition, Aegion s actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, suggested or projected. Except as required by law, Aegion does not assume a duty to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Investors should, however, review additional disclosures made by Aegion from time to time in Aegion s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please use caution and do not place reliance on forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements made by Aegion in this news release are qualified by these cautionary statements. Aegion and the Aegion logo are the registered trademarks of Aegion Corporation and its affiliates. For more information, contact: Katie Cason Senior Vice President, Strategy and Communications 636-530-8000

Apollo Global Management Announces New $500 Million Share Repurchase Authorization NEW YORK, March 12, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Apollo Global Management, Inc. (NYSE: APO) (the Company, and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, Apollo ) today announced that the executive committee of its board of directors has approved a new share repurchase authorization that allows the Company to repurchase up to $500 million of its Class A common stock. This new authorization, which is effective immediately, increases Apollo s capacity to repurchase shares from $80 million of unused capacity under the Company s previously approved plan. Additional Details Regarding Share Repurchase Plan The executive committee of the Company s board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of $500 million, which may be used to repurchase the Company s outstanding Class A common stock ( Class A shares ) as well as to reduce Class A shares to be issued to employees to satisfy associated tax obligations in connection with the settlement of equity-based awards granted under the Company s 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (and any successor equity plan thereto). Class A shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise, with the size and timing of these repurchases depending on legal requirements, price, market and economic conditions and other factors. The Company is not obligated under the terms of the program to repurchase any of its Class A shares. The repurchase program has no expiration date and may be suspended or terminated by the Company at any time without prior notice. Class A shares repurchased as part of this program will be canceled by the Company. About Apollo Apollo is a leading global alternative investment manager with offices in New York, Los Angeles, San Diego, Houston, Bethesda, London, Frankfurt, Madrid, Luxembourg, Mumbai, Delhi, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Tokyo. Apollo had assets under management of approximately $331 billion as of December 31, 2019 in credit, private equity and real assets funds invested across a core group of nine industries where Apollo has considerable knowledge and resources. For more information about Apollo, please visit www.apollo.com. Forward Looking Statements This press release may contain forward looking statements that are within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements include, but are not limited to, discussions related to Apollo s expectations regarding the performance of its business, its liquidity and capital resources and the other non-historical statements in the discussion and analysis. These forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. When used in this press release, the words believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including risks relating to Apollo s dependence on certain key personnel, its ability to raise new private equity, credit or real asset funds, market conditions, generally, its ability to manage growth, fund performance, changes in its regulatory environment and tax status, the variability of its revenues, net income and cash flow, its use of leverage to finance its businesses and investments by its funds and litigation risks, among others. Management believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled Risk Factors in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) on February 21, 2020, as such factors may be updated from time to time in the Company s periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this press release and in other filings. Apollo undertakes no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. This press release does not constitute an offer of Apollo or of any Apollo fund. Contact Information For investor inquiries regarding Apollo: Gary M. Stein Head of Investor Relations Apollo Global Management, Inc. 212-822-0467 gstein@apollo.com Ann Dai Investor Relations Manager Apollo Global Management, Inc. 212-822-0678 adai@apollo.com For media inquiries regarding Apollo: Joanna Rose Global Head of Corporate Communications Apollo Global Management, Inc. (212) 822-0491 jrose@apollo.com Charles Zehren Rubenstein Associates, Inc. for Apollo Global Management, Inc. (212) 843-8590 czehren@rubenstein.com

GM Defense Awarded A $214.3M Contract To Produce The U.S. Army's Infantry Squad Vehicle WASHINGTON, June 27, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- The U.S. Army Contracting Command Detroit Arsenal announced today that GM Defense LLC, a subsidiary of General Motors, has been awarded the production contract to build, field and sustain the Army's new Infantry Squad Vehicle (ISV). Designed to provide rapid ground mobility, the expeditionary ISV is a light and agile all-terrain troop carrier intended to transport a nine-Soldier infantry squad moving throughout the battlefield. The ISV is light enough to be sling loaded from a UH-60 Blackhawk helicopter and compact enough to fit inside a CH-47 Chinook helicopter for air transportability. The total production ISV contract award value is $214.3 million to procure the initial Army Procurement Objective of 649. The approved Army Acquisition Objective is 2,065 vehicles. GM Defense's solution to the Army's next-generation transportation needs is based off the award-winning 2020 Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 midsize truck architecture and leverages 90 percent commercial off-the-shelf parts. These parts include the Multimatic dual spool-valve dampers and Chevrolet Performance suspension components. The durability and performance of those components have been proven in the grueling Best in the Desert race series, where Colorado is one of only four vehicles to complete 11 consecutive races (out of a total of 434 competitors). As a result, GM Defense can deliver an ISV with world class manufacturing efficiencies, ease of maintenance and a well-established global supply chain. All ISV models will be equipped with an occupant and cargo superstructure powered by a 186-horsepower, 2.8L Duramax turbo-diesel engine, and six-speed automatic transmission. "Winning this Army award is well-deserved recognition for the hard work and dedication of our GM Defense team and their production of a fantastic vehicle. We are confident the GMD ISV will meet and exceed all of our customers' requirements," said David Albritton, president of GM Defense. "It's indeed an honor to leverage our parent company's experience as one of the world's largest automotive manufacturers to design, build and deliver the best technologies available to the men and women of the U.S. Armed Forces and our allies." In 2019, GM Defense partnered with Ricardo Defense after the U.S. Army awarded three $1 million contracts to competing industry providers to develop ISV prototypes for testing, evaluation and down-selection for the production contract. Ricardo Defense will support key product logistics and fielding requirements of the GM Defense ISV. "The entire Ricardo team is proud to continue our work with GM Defense on the ISV contract, and to provide our infantry troops in harm's way with this highly-capable, and much needed vehicle," said Chet Gryczan, president of Ricardo Defense. "Being awarded the ISV program is a testament to Ricardo's success in developing and delivering key integrated product logistics and life-cycle sustainment plans for our customers' top priorities. The ISV will showcase the speed at which the Army can rapidly produce, field and sustain new equipment by leveraging a proven commercially available vehicle and the global supply chain infrastructure of General Motors, supported by Ricardo." GM Defense is driving the future of military mobility by leveraging the best-in-class capabilities of General Motors for unmatched innovation, proven performance and breakthrough life-cycle economics. Stay tuned for future updates on www.GMDefenseLLC.com. GM Defense LLC delivers integrated vehicles, power & propulsion, and mobility & autonomy solutions to global defense, security, and government markets. The exceptional reliability of GM Defense's technologies results from decades of proven performance and billions of dollars spent in independent research and development by its parent, General Motors, a world leader in global design, engineering and manufacturing capabilities. SOURCE General Motors Co. Related Links http://www.gm.com

Peoples Financial Services Corp. Declares Third Quarter 2020 Dividend SCRANTON, Pa., July 31, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Peoples Financial Services Corp. (NASDAQ: PFIS) declared a third quarter dividend of $0.36 per share. The $0.36 equals the per share dividend declared in the prior quarter and represents a 5.9% increase over the dividend declared in the third quarter of 2019. The dividend is payable September 15, 2020 to shareholders of record August 31, 2020. Peoples Financial Services Corp. (the "Company") is the parent company of Peoples Security Bank and Trust Company (the "Bank"), an independent community bank serving Berks, Bucks, Carbon, Lackawanna, Lehigh, Lebanon, Luzerne, Monroe, Montgomery, Northampton, Schuylkill, Susquehanna, Wayne and Wyoming Counties in Pennsylvania and Broome County in New York through 29 offices. Each office, interdependent with the community, offers a comprehensive array of financial products and services to individuals, businesses, not-for-profit organizations and government entities. The Company's business philosophy includes offering direct access to senior management and other officers and providing friendly, informed and courteous service, local and timely decision making, flexible and reasonable operating procedures and consistently applied credit policies. Safe Harbor Forward-Looking Statements: We make statements in this press release, and we may from time to time make other statements regarding our outlook or expectations for future financial or operating results and/or other matters regarding or affecting Peoples Financial Services Corp., Peoples Security Bank and Trust Company, and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Peoples") that are considered "forward-looking statements" as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of such words as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "should," "planned," "estimated," "intend" and "potential." For these statements, Peoples claims the protection of the statutory safe harbors for forward-looking statements. Peoples cautions you that a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated in any forward-looking statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to: prevailing economic and political conditions, particularly in our market area; the unfolding COVID-19 crisis and the governmental responses to the crisis: credit risk associated with our lending activities; changes in interest rates, loan demand, real estate values and competition; changes in accounting principles, policies, and guidelines; changes in any applicable law, rule, regulation or practice with respect to tax or legal issues; our ability to identify and address cyber-security risks and other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and technological factors affecting Peoples' operations, pricing, products and services and other factors that may be described in Peoples' Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. In addition to these risks, acquisitions and business combinations, present risks other than those presented by the nature of the business acquired. Acquisitions and business combinations may be substantially more expensive to complete than originally anticipated, and the anticipated benefits may be significantly harder-or take longer-to achieve than expected. As regulated financial institutions, our pursuit of attractive acquisition and business combination opportunities could be negatively impacted by regulatory delays or other regulatory issues. Regulatory and/or legal issues related to the pre-acquisition operations of an acquired or combined business may cause reputational harm to Peoples following the acquisition or combination, and integration of the acquired or combined business with ours may result in additional future costs arising as a result of those issues. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this release, and, except as may be required by applicable law or regulation, Peoples assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. SOURCE Peoples Financial Services Corp. Related Links http://www.pennsecurity.com

Planet Fitness, Inc. Announces Accelerated Share Repurchase Program HAMPTON, N.H., Nov. 14, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Planet Fitness, Inc. (NYSE: PLNT) (the "Company"), today announced that it has entered into a $300 million accelerated share repurchase agreement (the "ASR Agreement") with Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank"). The Company will acquire shares under the ASR Agreement as part of its $500 million share repurchase authorization previously announced on August 9, 2018 (the "Share Repurchase Authorization"). As of November 12, 2018, before giving effect to the ASR Agreement, approximately $458 million remained available for share repurchases pursuant to the Share Repurchase Authorization. Pursuant to the terms of the ASR Agreement, the Company will pay Citibank $300 million in cash and will initially receive approximately 4.6 million shares of the Company's common stock, which is approximately 80% of the shares of the Company's common stock it expects to repurchase under the ASR Agreement. The total number of shares to be repurchased will be based on the average of the daily volume-weighted average prices of the Company's common stock during the term of the transaction, less an agreed discount and subject to potential adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the ASR Agreement. At final settlement, Citibank may be required to deliver additional shares of common stock to the Company, or under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to deliver shares of common stock or to make a cash payment, at its election, to Citibank. The final settlement of the transaction under the ASR is expected to occur no later than the second quarter of 2019. About Planet Fitness Founded in 1992 in Dover, NH, Planet Fitness is one of the largest and fastest-growing franchisors and operators of fitness centers in the United States by number of members and locations. As of September 30, 2018, Planet Fitness had approximately 12.2 million members and 1,646 stores in 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Canada, the Dominican Republic, Panama and Mexico. The Company's mission is to enhance people's lives by providing a high-quality fitness experience in a welcoming, non-intimidating environment, which we call the Judgement Free Zone . More than 95% of Planet Fitness stores are owned and operated by independent business men and women. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are not assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on the Company's current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of the business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company's control. Actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially include risks and uncertainties associated with competition in the fitness industry, the Company's and franchisees' ability to attract and retain new members, changes in consumer demand, changes in equipment costs, the Company's ability to expand into new markets domestically and internationally, operating costs for the Company and franchisees generally, availability and cost of capital for franchisees, acquisition activity, developments and changes in laws and regulations, our substantial increased indebtedness as a result of our refinancing and securitization transactions and our ability to incur additional indebtedness or refinance that indebtedness in the future; our future financial performance and our ability to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness, our corporate structure and tax receivable agreements, adverse developments in the U.S. or global capital markets, credit markets or economies generally that could significantly impact the Company's ability to implement or realize the benefits of the accelerated share repurchase as currently planned, general economic conditions and the other factors described in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and the Company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In light of the significant risks and uncertainties inherent in forward-looking statements, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect the Company's views only as of the date of this press release. Except as required by law, neither the Company nor any of its affiliates or representatives undertake any obligation to provide additional information or to correct or update any information set forth in this release, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. SOURCE Planet Fitness, Inc. Related Links http://www.planetfitness.com

MeiraGTx Announces Positive Clinical Data Demonstrating Treatment with AAV-RPGR Investigational Gene Therapy Improves Vision in X-Linked Retinitis Pigmentosa Patients Data being presented at the American Society of Retina Specialists (ASRS) 2020 Virtual Annual Meeting Significant improvements demonstrated after treatment in Phase 1/2 clinical trial Based on encouraging safety and efficacy profile, MeiraGTx and Janssen expect to progress AAV-RPGR into Phase 3 Lumeos clinical trial MeiraGTx to host investor conference call on Friday, July 17 at 8:00 a.m. ET LONDON and NEW YORK, July 17, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MeiraGTx Holdings plc (Nasdaq: MGTX), a vertically integrated, clinical stage gene therapy company, today announced six-month data from the ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial ( NCT03252847 ) of AAV-RPGR, an investigational gene therapy in development for the treatment of patients with X-linked retinitis pigmentosa (XLRP) with genetically confirmed variants in the RPGR gene. Significant improvement in vision was demonstrated in the dose escalation phase of the trial and AAV-RPGR was found to be generally well tolerated. These initial results from the trial are being presented as a late-breaker oral presentation at the American Society of Retina Specialists (ASRS) 2020 Virtual Annual Meeting. MeiraGTx and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Janssen), one of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, are jointly developing AAV-RPGR as part of a broader collaboration to develop and commercialize gene therapies for the treatment of inherited retinal diseases. The ongoing Phase 1/2 MGT009 clinical trial consists of three phases: dose-escalation, dose-confirmation, and dose-expansion. In the dose-escalation phase (n=10), adults were administered low, intermediate, or high dose AAV-RPGR. Each patient was treated with subretinal delivery of AAV-RPGR in the eye that was more affected at baseline. The patient s other eye served as an untreated control. The primary endpoint of the trial is safety, with secondary endpoints assessing changes in visual function at pre-specified timepoints post-treatment. Baseline values were determined in triplicate. At six months, significant improvement in retinal sensitivity was demonstrated in patients treated with low and intermediate dose AAV-RPGR. Improvement was evident at first post-treatment perimetry assessments at three months, with improvements generally sustained or increased at six months. Significant differences were observed in retinal sensitivity between treated and untreated eyes over time. Based on the robust safety and efficacy signals observed in the dose escalation portion of the study, the low and intermediate doses were selected for use in the ongoing randomized, controlled dose-expansion phase of the trial. XLRP is characterized by early-onset visual field loss, with most patients progressing to blindness and associated loss of independence by young adulthood, said Michel Michaelides1, BSc MB BS MD(Res) FRCOphth FACS, MGT009 trial investigator, Consultant Ophthalmologist, Moorfields Eye Hospital and Professor of Ophthalmology, University College London. Six-month data demonstrate AAV-RPGR may improve visual function in XLRP patients. Initial data also suggest treatment with AAV-RPGR has the potential to stabilize or slow progressive vision loss. These results support AAV-RPGR as an important advancement in the treatment of XLRP, for which there is no currently available therapeutic option. Based on the encouraging safety and efficacy data demonstrated in the MGT009 trial to date, MeiraGTx and Janssen expect to advance AAV-RPGR into the Phase 3 Lumeos clinical trial for the treatment of patients with XLRP caused by mutations in RPGR gene. We are pleased to share these encouraging initial results from our XLRP gene therapy trial and look forward to advancing this program into a Phase 3 trial, said Alexandria Forbes, Ph.D., president and chief executive officer of MeiraGTx. These early data suggest AAV-RPGR has the potential to address some of the key functional manifestations of this severe disease for which there is no currently available therapy. I d like to thank the investigators, patients and families who dedicate their time to our clinical trials and who continue to support us in our efforts to develop therapies that have the potential to make a meaningful difference and improve the lives of people with serious diseases. Data Summary: Data obtained to date suggest AAV-RPGR is generally well-tolerated. Most adverse events (AEs) were related to the surgical delivery procedure, were transient and resolved without intervention. There were no dose-limiting events. Inflammatory responses to therapy were observed in two out of three patients in the high dose cohort, which may have been associated with decreased activity of AAV-RPGR in these patients. Inflammation was effectively managed with an extended steroid protocol. Six-month data from the dose escalation portion of the study (n=10) demonstrated meaningful improvement from baseline in retinal sensitivity in the low (n=3) and intermediate (n=4) dose cohorts. Importantly, these improvements were evident when assessed with two perimetry approaches (static perimetry and microperimetry) and three analysis metrics (mean retinal sensitivity, central 30 hill-of-vision volumetric measure (V30), and pointwise comparison). Significant differences in mean retinal sensitivity were observed between treated eyes and untreated eyes in the intermediate dose cohort: 1.02 dB (90% CI: 0.75, 1.31) Significant differences were observed in central visual field progression rate (V30) between treated eyes and untreated eyes in both the low 2 , 1.10 dB-sr/year (90% CI: 0.10, 2.10) and intermediate, 1.26 dB-sr/year (90% CI: 0.65, 1.86), dose cohorts. , 1.10 dB-sr/year (90% CI: 0.10, 2.10) and intermediate, 1.26 dB-sr/year (90% CI: 0.65, 1.86), dose cohorts. Efficacy signals were observed at first post-treatment assessments at three months, with improvements generally sustained or increased at six months. Perimetry is a sensitive standard-of-care measure of retinal function that reproducibly determines retinal sensitivity both cross-sectionally and longitudinally, thereby accurately defining disease progression over time. ASRS Presentation Information: Late-Breaker Presentation Title: AAV-RPGR Gene Therapy for RPGR-Associated X-Linked Retinitis Pigmentosa: 6-month Results From a Phase 1/2 Clinical Trial Presenter: Michel Michaelides, UCL Institute of Ophthalmology; Moorfields Eye Hospital Date: Oral presentation available to ASRS meeting attendees on the virtual meeting site as of July 17, 2020; live Q&A session to take place July 25, 2020 Session: Hereditary Retinal Diseases Symposium Time: 11:55 a.m. 12:10 p.m. ET Conference Call Information: MeiraGTx will host a conference call and webcast to review Professor Michaelides ASRS presentation on July 17, 2020 at 8:00 a.m. ET. The webcast can be accessed by visiting the Investors page of the Company s website at https://investors.meiragtx.com/events-presentations . Alternatively, please call 1 (866) 796-1272 (U.S.) or 1 (409) 937-8924 (International) to listen to the conference call. The conference ID number for the call is 4669817. A replay of the webcast and accompanying presentation materials will be available on the Company s website for 30 days following the conference call. About AAV-RPGR AAV-RPGR is an investigational gene therapy for the treatment of patients with XLRP caused by mutations in the eye specific form of the RPGR gene (RPGR ORF15). AAV-RPGR is designed to deliver functional copies of the RPGR gene to the subretinal space in order to improve and preserve visual function. MeiraGTx and development partner Janssen are currently conducting a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of AAV-RPGR in patients with XLRP with mutations in RPGR ORF15. AAV-RPGR has been granted Fast Track and Orphan Drug designations by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and PRIME, ATMP and Orphan designations by the European Medicines Agency (EMA). About the Phase 1/2 MGT009 Clinical Trial MGT009 is a multi-center, open-label Phase 1/2 trial (NCT03252847) of AAV-RPGR gene therapy for the treatment of patients with XLRP associated with disease-causing variants in the RPGR gene. MGT009 consists of three phases: dose-escalation, dose-confirmation, and dose-expansion. Each patient was treated with subretinal delivery of AAV-RPGR in the eye that was more affected at baseline. The patient s other eye served as an untreated control. In dose-escalation (n=10), adults were administered low, intermediate, or high dose AAV-RPGR. The primary endpoint was safety. Visual function was assessed at baseline, three, six, nine and 12 months with Octopus 900 full-field static perimetry and mesopic fundus-guided microperimetry (MP); mean retinal sensitivity, visual field modeling and analysis (VFMA; Hill-of-vision volumetric measure), and pointwise comparisons were examined. About X-Linked Retinitis Pigmentosa (XLRP) XLRP is the most severe form of retinitis pigmentosa (RP), a group of inherited retinal diseases characterized by progressive retinal degeneration and vision loss. In XLRP, both rods and cones function poorly, leading to degeneration of the retina and total blindness. The most frequent cause of XLRP is disease-causing variants in the RPGR gene, accounting for more than 70% of cases of XLRP, and up to 20% of all cases of RP. There are currently no approved treatments for XLRP. About MeiraGTx MeiraGTx (Nasdaq: MGTX) is a vertically integrated, clinical stage gene therapy company with six programs in clinical development and a broad pipeline of preclinical and research programs. MeiraGTx has core capabilities in viral vector design and optimization and gene therapy manufacturing, as well as a potentially transformative gene regulation technology. Led by an experienced management team, MeiraGTx has taken a portfolio approach by licensing, acquiring and developing technologies that give depth across both product candidates and indications. MeiraGTx s initial focus is on three distinct areas of unmet medical need: inherited retinal diseases, neurodegenerative diseases and severe forms of xerostomia. Though initially focusing on the eye, central nervous system and salivary gland, MeiraGTx intends to expand its focus in the future to develop additional gene therapy treatments for patients suffering from a range of serious diseases. For more information, please visit www.meiragtx.com . Forward Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding the development and efficacy of AAV-RPGR, plans to advance AAV-RPGR into Phase 3 clinical trial and anticipated milestones regarding our clinical data and reporting of such data and the timing of results of data, including in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as statements that include the words expect, intend, plan, believe, project, forecast, estimate, may, should, anticipate and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, our incurrence of significant losses; any inability to achieve or maintain profitability, acquire additional capital, identify additional and develop existing product candidates, successfully execute strategic priorities, bring product candidates to market, expansion of our manufacturing facilities and processes, successfully enroll patients in and complete clinical trials, accurately predict growth assumptions, recognize benefits of any orphan drug designations, retain key personnel or attract qualified employees, or incur expected levels of operating expenses; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the status, enrollment, timing and results of our clinical trials and on our business, results of operations and financial condition; failure of early data to predict eventual outcomes; failure to obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for product candidates within expected time frames or at all; the novel nature and impact of negative public opinion of gene therapy; failure to comply with ongoing regulatory obligations; contamination or shortage of raw materials or other manufacturing issues; changes in healthcare laws; risks associated with our international operations; significant competition in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries; dependence on third parties; risks related to intellectual property; changes in tax policy or treatment; our ability to utilize our loss and tax credit carryforwards; litigation risks; and the other important factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our other filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These and other important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this press release. Any such forward-looking statements represent management s estimates as of the date of this press release. While we may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, unless required by law, we disclaim any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause our views to change. Thus, one should not assume that our silence over time means that actual events are bearing out as expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. Contacts Investors: MeiraGTx Elizabeth Broder (646) 860-7983 elizabeth@meiragtx.com or Media: W2O pure Christiana Pascale (212) 257-6722 cpascale@purecommunications.com ___________________________ 1 Professor Michaelides is a scientific founder of and consultant to MeiraGTx. 2 Excludes one subject with panuveitis in the low dose cohort

K2M Group Holdings, Inc. Announces Definitive Agreement To Be Acquired by Stryker Corporation LEESBURG, Va., Aug. 30, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- K2M Group Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: KTWO) (the Company or K2M ), a global leader of complex spine and minimally invasive solutions focused on achieving three-dimensional Total Body Balance , today announced a definitive merger agreement with Stryker Corporation ( Stryker , NYSE: SYK) pursuant to which Stryker has agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of K2M in an all cash transaction for $27.50 per share, or a total equity value of approximately $1.4 billion. The purchase price represents a 27% premium over K2M s average closing price during the 90 trading days ended August 29, 2018. Upon completion of the proposed transaction, K2M will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Stryker Corporation. Post-closing, K2M s Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President Eric D. Major is expected to be appointed as the President of Stryker s Spine division. Joining Stryker will be a very exciting next chapter for our global team and surgeon customers around the world, said Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of K2M, Eric D. Major. Stryker s established leadership in the orthopedic and neurosurgical market, combined with K2M s culture of innovation and leadership in complex spine and minimally invasive solutions, represent a powerful opportunity for Stryker to strengthen its leadership in the $10 billion global spine market . This acquisition underscores our commitment to the spinal market, which is the largest segment of Orthopaedics with significant unmet needs, stated Kevin A. Lobo, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Stryker. We believe K2M will significantly enhance our presence with surgeons, patients and employees in both the spine and related neurotechnology markets. The proposed transaction is expected to close late in the fourth quarter of 2018, subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by K2M s stockholders and the receipt of certain regulatory approvals. The proposed transaction has been approved by the Board of Directors of both companies and is not subject to any financing condition. In connection with this transaction, Piper Jaffray & Co. is acting as financial advisor and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP is acting as legal advisor to K2M. About K2M Group Holdings, Inc. K2M Group Holdings, Inc. is a global leader of complex spine and minimally invasive solutions focused on achieving three-dimensional Total Body Balance. Since its inception, K2M has designed, developed, and commercialized innovative complex spine and minimally invasive spine technologies and techniques used by spine surgeons to treat some of the most complicated spinal pathologies. K2M has leveraged these core competencies into Balance ACS, a platform of products, services, and research to help surgeons achieve three-dimensional spinal balance across the axial, coronal, and sagittal planes, with the goal of supporting the full continuum of care to facilitate quality patient outcomes. The Balance ACS platform, in combination with the Company's technologies, techniques and leadership in the 3D-printing of spinal devices, enables K2M to compete favorably in the global spine surgery market. For more information, visit www.K2M.com and connect with us on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , LinkedIn and YouTube . About Stryker Corporation Stryker is one of the world's leading medical technology companies and, together with its customers, is driven to make healthcare better. The Company offers innovative products and services in Orthopaedics, Medical and Surgical, and Neurotechnology and Spine that help improve patient and hospital outcomes. More information is available at www.stryker.com. Forward-Looking Statements The foregoing contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend for these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws relating to forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements relating to the expected timing, completion and effects of the proposed merger, as well as other statements representing management s beliefs about, future events, transactions, strategies, operations and financial results, including, without limitation, our expectations with respect to the costs and other anticipated financial impacts of the merger; future financial and operating results of K2M Group Holdings, Inc. ( K2M ); K2M s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions with respect to future operations and services; required approvals to complete the merger by our stockholders and by governmental regulatory authorities, and the timing and conditions for such approvals; the stock price of K2M prior to the consummation of the transactions; and the satisfaction of the closing conditions to the proposed merger. Such forward-looking statements often contain words such as assume, will, anticipate, believe, predict, project, potential, contemplate, plan, forecast, estimate, expect, intend, is targeting, may, should, would, could, goal, seek, hope, aim, continue and other similar words or expressions or the negative thereof or other variations thereon. Forward-looking statements are made based upon management s current expectations and beliefs and are not guarantees of future performance. Such forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any such statements. Our actual business, financial condition or results of operations may differ materially from those suggested by forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties which include, among others, those risks and uncertainties described in any of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Certain other factors which may impact our business, financial condition or results of operations or which may cause actual results to differ from such forward-looking statements are discussed or included in our periodic reports filed with the SEC and are available on our website at www.k2m.com under Investor Relations. You are urged to carefully consider all such factors. Although it is believed that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable and are expressed in good faith, such expectations may not prove to be correct and persons reading this communication are therefore cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which speak only to expectations as of the date of this communication. We do not undertake or plan to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in plans, assumptions, estimates or projections, or other circumstances occurring after the date of this communication, even if such results, changes or circumstances make it clear that any forward-looking information will not be realized. If we make any future public statements or disclosures which modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this communication, such statements or disclosures will be deemed to modify or supersede such statements in this communication. Additional Information and Where to Find It This communication does not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. This communication relates to a proposed acquisition of K2M by Stryker Corporation. In connection with this proposed acquisition, K2M may file one or more proxy statements or other documents with the SEC. This communication is not a substitute for any proxy statement or other document K2M may file with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF K2M ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER DOCUMENTS THAT MAY BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. Any definitive proxy statement(s) (if and when available) will be mailed to stockholders of K2M. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of these documents (if and when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by K2M through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by K2M will be available free of charge on K2M s internet website at www.k2m.com or upon written request to: Secretary, K2M Group Holdings, Inc., 600 Hope Parkway, SE, Leesburg, Virginia 20175, or by telephone at (703) 777-3155. Participants in Solicitation K2M, its directors and certain of its executive officers may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in such solicitation in connection with the proposed merger will be set forth in the proxy statement if and when it is filed with the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of K2M is set forth in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, which was filed with the SEC on March 1, 2018, its proxy statement for its 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 20, 2018, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2018 and June 30, 2018, which were filed with the SEC on May 2, 2018 and August 2, 2018, respectively, and its Current Reports on Form 8-K or Form 8-K/A, which were filed with the SEC on January 8, 2018, January 9, 2018, February 28, 2018, March 29, 2018, May 1, 2018, June 11, 2018, June 14, 2018, June 18, 2018 and August 1, 2018. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Additional information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the proxy statement and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available.

TechnipFMC Wins a Large Contract for Vietnam s Largest Olefins Plant LONDON & PARIS & HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TechnipFMC (Paris:FTI) (NYSE:FTI) (ISIN:GB00BDSFG982) has been awarded by Long Son Petrochemicals Co., Ltd. (LSP), a large(1) contract for the licensing, engineering, procurement, construction, commissioning and start-up of Vietnam s first olefins(2) plant on Long Son Island, Ba Ria-Vung Tau province, Vietnam. Designed as a flexible feed cracker, the olefins plant can utilize both naphtha and LPG(3) feeds to produce olefins of up to 1.6 million tons per year depending on the feedstock mix. The olefins will help meet Vietnam s rising demand for petrochemical products. The plant will also include proprietary licensed units(4) and will be based on TechnipFMC s proprietary ethylene technology(5). TechnipFMC is executing the project in a consortium with SK Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd. of South Korea. TechnipFMC is the leader of the consortium and, as a global company, will execute all engineering, as well as the procurement of critical equipment from its operating centers located in Houston, USA, Rome, Italy and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Nello Uccelletti, President of TechnipFMC s Onshore/Offshore business, commented: Our reliable proprietary ethylene technology and proven engineering, procurement and construction capabilities were key factors in this important, highly competitive award and confirms our leadership in this market. TechnipFMC will ensure, with SK Engineering & Construction, that this ambitious mega project is successfully delivered on time and on budget, meeting the highest safety and quality standards . The contract adds on to the remarkable list of TechnipFMC s references of onshore achievements in Vietnam, in particular the country s very first oil refinery, the Dung Qu t Refinery and the Phu My Fertilizer Complex. (1 )For TechnipFMC, a large contract ranges between $500 million and $1 billion (TechnipFMC share).(2)Family of molecules including in particular ethylene and propylene, which constitutes the raw material allowing for the manufacture of many plastics.(3)LPG: liquefied petroleum gas.(4)C3 hydrogenation, C4/C5 hydrogenation, pyrolysis gasoline hydrogenation and butadiene recovery units.(5)The proprietary ethylene technology includes these key components: ### Important Information for Investors and Securityholders Forward-Looking Statement This release contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words estimated , aimed , scheduled and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. Such forward-looking statements involve significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include the Company's ability to successfully deliver, and Long Son Petrochemicals Co., Ltd. s acceptance of, the onshore products ordered. For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results, please see our risk factors set forth in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, which include our Registration Statement on Form S-4, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of our forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. ### AboutTechnipFMC TechnipFMC is a global leader in subsea, onshore/offshore, and surface projects. With our proprietary technologies and production systems, integrated expertise, and comprehensive solutions, we are transforming our clients project economics. We are uniquely positioned to deliver greater efficiency across project lifecycles from concept to project delivery and beyond. Through innovative technologies and improved efficiencies, our offering unlocks new possibilities for our clients in developing their oil and gas resources. Each of our more than 37,000 employees is driven by a steady commitment to clients and a culture of purposeful innovation, challenging industry conventions, and rethinking how the best results are achieved. To learn more about us and how we are enhancing the performance of the world s energy industry, go to TechnipFMC.com and follow us on Twitter @TechnipFMC.

Houlihan Lokey to Acquire Freeman & Co. Acquisition Bolsters Firm s Capabilities in Investment Banking to the Broker Dealer, Asset Management, and Wealth Management Sectors NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Houlihan Lokey, Inc. (NYSE:HLI), the global investment bank, has agreed to acquire Freeman & Co. (Freeman), a New York-based independent advisory firm that provides a range of advisory services to financial institution clients. The transaction, signed yesterday, adds substantial coverage of broker-dealers and significantly expands the firm s footprint in providing investment banking services to asset and wealth management companies and other related financial services sectors. The transaction is expected to be completed before the end of calendar 2019 following regulatory approval. Founded in 1991 by its chairman, Jim Freeman, Freeman focuses exclusively on the financial services sector, providing mergers and acquisitions advisory, capital raising, and other investment banking advisory services. Since its founding, Freeman has represented clients, both domestic and international, in completing more than 100 M&A and private placement transactions throughout the financial services sector. Recent transactions include ETC s acquisition by PEAK6, Petsky Prunier s acquisition by Canaccord Genuity, Janney s acquisition of FIG Partners, and Mercury Capital Advisors announced acquisition by Investcorp. As part of this transaction, the Freeman investment banking team will become part of Houlihan Lokey s global Financial Institutions Group (FIG), with Gagan Sawhney and Eric Weber joining as Managing Directors, and Jim Freeman joining as a Senior Advisor. The acquisition adds to the group the ability to provide services to both broker-dealers, and traditional asset and wealth managers and strengthens Houlihan Lokey s existing coverage efforts in specialty finance, where the firm has been a perennial leader for more than twenty years, among other sectors. With these additions, the global Houlihan Lokey FIG team now numbers more than 60 bankers located in four offices around the world. Freeman has an exceptional track record of advising clients across the spectrum of financial services, said Scott Adelson, Houlihan Lokey s Co-President and Co-Head of Corporate Finance. In addition to their deep expertise and history of success, they possess a reputation for integrity and a single-minded, solutions-oriented client philosophy that align perfectly with Houlihan Lokey s corporate culture, which we view as a critical element of any successful acquisition. We re delighted that they have joined the firm. This transaction allows us to provide our clients with access to Houlihan Lokey s global network and suite of products and services while continuing to deliver fiercely independent advice, which is an essential element of our service offering across the sector, said Mr. Sawhney. Having seen firsthand Houlihan Lokey s approach to client service, it is clear that the two firms represent an excellent cultural fit and an opportunity to deliver a unique combination of industry relationships, transaction expertise, and a genuinely broad and global service offering to clients of both firms. We re excited to join Houlihan Lokey, said Mr. Weber. The addition of the Freeman team to our FIG Group in the U.S., combined with the acquisition in 2018 of Quayle Munro and its European financial institutions team, creates one of the largest, most experienced teams of financial services-focused bankers of any independent investment bank. With this scale and depth of talent in the US and Europe, the value proposition for our clients around the world is more compelling than ever, said Bob Hotz, Houlihan Lokey s Vice Chairman and Co-Head of Corporate Finance. Houlihan Lokey s Financial Institutions Group has earned a reputation for providing superior service and achieving outstanding results in M&A advisory, capital-raising, restructuring, asset sale transactions, and financial advisory services. The group covers virtually every segment of the financial services industry, including asset and wealth management, broker-dealers, financial technology, specialty finance, insurance and many others. In 2018, Houlihan Lokey ranked #1 in U.S. Specialty Finance M&A, according to SNL Financial. About Houlihan Lokey Houlihan Lokey (NYSE:HLI) is a global investment bank with expertise in mergers and acquisitions, capital markets, financial restructuring, and valuation. The firm serves corporations, institutions, and governments worldwide with offices in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific region. Independent advice and intellectual rigor are hallmarks of the firm s commitment to client success across its advisory services. Houlihan Lokey is ranked as the No. 1 M&A advisor for all U.S. transactions, the No. 1 global restructuring advisor, and the No. 1 global M&A fairness opinion advisor over the past 20 years, according to Thomson Reuters. For more information, please visit www.HL.com.

VBL Therapeutics Announces Positive Outcome of the Interim Analysis in the OVAL Phase 3 Ovarian Cancer Pivotal Study Nasdaq:VBLT OVAL independent Data Safety Monitoring Committee (DSMC) reviewed un-blinded data and determined that the study has met the interim pre-specified criterion, of an absolute percentage advantage of 10% or higher in CA-125 response in the VB-111 treated arm compared to control. The DSMC recommends that the study proceed without modification. Overall CA-125 response rate in the first 60 randomized evaluable patients is 53%. Assuming a balanced randomization, the response rate in the treatment arm (VB-111 in addition to weekly paclitaxel) is 58% or higher. In patients with post-treatment fever, the CA-125 response is 69%. Fever is frequently observed after VB-111 treatment. The CA-125 response rate observed in the Phase 3 interim analysis is at least as good as the response rate seen in Phase 2, which enrolled similar population of patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. TEL AVIV, Israel, March 26, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- VBL Therapeutics (Nasdaq: VBLT) today announced an encouraging outcome of the planned interim analysis in the OVAL study, a double-blind controlled potential-registration study in patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. The OVAL independent Data Safety Monitoring Committee (DSMC), reviewed un-blinded data and assessed CA-125 response, measured according to the GCIG criteria, in the first 60 enrolled subjects evaluable for CA-125 analysis. The DSMC confirmed that the study met the interim pre-specified efficacy criterion, of an absolute percentage advantage of 10% or higher CA-125 response rate for the VB-111 treatment arm, and recommended the study continuance. The overall CA-125 response rate in the first 60 randomized evaluable patients is 53%. Assuming a balanced randomization, the response rate in the treatment arm (VB-111 in addition to weekly paclitaxel) is 58% or higher. In patients who had post-dosing fever, which is a marker for VB-111 treatment, the response rate is 69%. The encouraging interim readout in this randomized controlled study, together with the promising data seen in the earlier VB-111 Phase 2 are signals for the potential of VB-111 in platinum-resistant ovarian cancer, an indication with a major unmet need," said the Chairman of the OVAL study Steering Committee, Bradley J. Monk, M.D., FACS, FACOG, Co Director of GOG Partners, Arizona Oncology (US Oncology Network) and Professor, Gynecologic Oncology at University of Arizona, Creighton University, Medical Director of US Oncology Research Gynecology program in Phoenix, Arizona. We are very pleased by the outcome of this interim analysis, which demonstrates the potential benefit of VB-111 over standard-of-care in a randomized-controlled study, said Dror Harats, MD, Chief Executive Officer of VBL Therapeutics. The OVAL Phase 3 interim data are at least as good as the CA-125 response results observed in our VB-111 Phase 2 study, which enrolled a similar patient population. This encouraging interim result adds to the promising data seen with VB-111 across our Phase 2 studies in multiple indications. In the previously reported Phase 2 study of VB-111 in platinum resistant ovarian cancer, 58% of the patients treated with VB-111 and paclitaxel demonstrated a CA-125 response. Those patients with a CA-125 response demonstrated a median overall survival of 808 days, versus 351 days for those patients without CA-125 response. The DSMC recommendation that the OVAL trial proceed is not assurance that the trial will meet its primary endpoint. The primary endpoint of the OVAL Phase 3 study is overall survival, which currently approved therapies for platinum-resistant ovarian cancer have thus far failed to demonstrate. Conference Call Information VBL will host a live KOL and Update Call on the OVAL Phase 3 trial at 2:00 p.m. ET today. The conference call may be accessed by dialing 1-877-407-9208 (domestic, toll-free) and 1-201-493-6784 (toll/international) or Israel Toll Free 1-809-406-247 and referring to conference ID 13700764. A webcast of the conference call will be available by clicking here . The archived webcast will be available in the Investors Relations section of the VBL Therapeutics website at http://ir.vblrx.com/ after the conference call. About the OVAL study ( NCT03398655 ) OVAL is an international Phase 3 randomized pivotal potential registration clinical trial that compares a combination of VB-111 and paclitaxel to placebo plus paclitaxel, in patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. The study is planned to enroll approximately 400 patients. OVAL is conducted in collaboration with the GOG Foundation, Inc., an independent international non-profit organization with the purpose of promoting excellence in the quality and integrity of clinical and basic scientific research in the field of gynecologic malignancies. About VB-111 (ofranergene obadenovec) VB-111 is a first-in-class, targeted anti-cancer gene-therapy agent that is being developed to treat a wide range of solid tumors. VB-111 is a unique biologic agent that uses a dual mechanism to target solid tumors. Its mechanism combines blockade of tumor vasculature with an anti-tumor immune response. VB-111 is administered as an IV infusion once every 6-8 weeks. It has been observed to be well-tolerated in >300 cancer patients and demonstrated activity signals in an all comers Phase 1 trial as well as in three tumor-specific Phase 2 studies.VB-111 has received an Orphan Designation for the treatment of ovarian cancer from the European Commission. VB-111 has also received orphan drug designation in both the US and Europe, and fast track designation in the US for prolongation of survival in patients with rGBM. VB-111 successfully demonstrated proof-of-concept and survival benefit in Phase 2 clinical trials in radioiodine-refractory thyroid cancer and recurrent platinum-resistant ovarian cancer ( NCT01711970 ). About VBL Vascular Biogenics Ltd., operating as VBL Therapeutics, is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of first-in-class treatments for areas of unmet need in cancer and immune/inflammatory indications. About The GOG Foundation, Inc. The GOG Foundation, Inc. (GOG-F) is a not-for-profit organization with the purpose of promoting excellence in the quality and integrity of clinical and basic scientific research in the field of gynecologic malignancies. The GOG-F is committed to maintaining the highest standards in clinical trials development, execution, analysis and distribution of results. The GOG-F is the only group in the United States that focuses its research on women with pelvic malignancies, such as cancer of the ovary, uterus, and cervix. The GOG-F is multi-disciplinary in its approach to clinical trials, and includes gynecologic oncologists, medical oncologists, pathologists, radiation oncologists, nurses, statisticians, basic scientists, quality of life experts, data managers, and administrative personnel. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, which are often indicated by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, goal, intend, look forward to, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, would and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our programs, including VB-111, including their clinical development, therapeutic potential and clinical results. These forward-looking statements are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development, clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals, the risk that historical clinical trial results may not be predictive of future trial results, that our financial resources do not last for as long as anticipated, and that we may not realize the expected benefits of our intellectual property protection. In particular, the DSMC recommendation that the OVAL trial proceed is not assurance that the trial will meet its primary endpoint of overall survival once completed. A further list and description of these risks, uncertainties and other risks can be found in our regulatory filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including in our annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2019, and subsequent filings with the SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. VBL Therapeutics undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this press release, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. INVESTOR CONTACT: Michael Rice LifeSci Advisors mrice@lifesciadvisors.com (646) 597-6979

Aegion Corporation Awarded $14 Million in Wastewater Pipeline Rehabilitation Contracts in the State of New York ST. LOUIS, Nov. 22, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aegion Corporation (NASDAQ:AEGN) today announced that its subsidiary, Insituform Technologies, LLC, has been awarded two contracts totaling over $14 million from a municipal agency in New York. The combined projects require Insituform to rehabilitate more than 50 miles of 8- to 48-inch diameter wastewater pipelines using Insituform cured-in-place pipe (CIPP) throughout residential and commercial areas. Insituform expects to complete the installations by the end of June 2020. Since 2015, Insituform has rehabilitated more than 90 miles of 8- to 24-inch diameter wastewater pipelines for the municipality using Insituform CIPP. Charles R. Gordon, Aegion s President and CEO, said, The state of New York has some of the oldest infrastructure in the United States, with pipelines failing at an alarming rate. Insituform CIPP helps municipalities rehabilitate their pipeline infrastructure at a lower overall cost and with minimized social disruption compared to dig-and-replace replacement. About Aegion Corporation (NASDAQ: AEGN) Aegion combines innovative technologies with market-leading expertise to maintain, rehabilitate and strengthen infrastructure around the world. Since 1971, the Company has played a pioneering role in finding transformational solutions to rehabilitate aging infrastructure, primarily pipelines in the wastewater, water, energy, mining and refining industries. Aegion also maintains the efficient operation of refineries and other industrial facilities. Aegion is committed to Stronger. Safer. Infrastructure. More information about Aegion can be found at https://www.aegion.com/ . Forward-Looking Statements The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. Aegion s forward-looking statements in this news release represent its beliefs or expectations about future events or financial performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Aegion and on management s beliefs, assumptions, estimates or projections and are not guarantees of future events or results. When used in this document, the words anticipate, estimate, believe, plan, intend, may, will and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Such statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those referred to in the Risk Factors section of Aegion s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2019, and in subsequently filed documents. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events may not occur. In addition, Aegion s actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, suggested or projected. Except as required by law, Aegion does not assume a duty to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Investors should, however, review additional disclosures made by Aegion from time to time in Aegion s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please use caution and do not place reliance on forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements made by Aegion in this news release are qualified by these cautionary statements. Aegion and the Aegion logo are the registered trademarks of Aegion Corporation and its affiliates. For more information, contact: Katie Cason Senior Vice President, Strategy and Communications 636-530-8000

Ziopharm Oncology Announces FDA Clearance of IND for Rapid Personalized Manufacture of CD19-specific CAR-T Nasdaq:ZIOP Phase 1 clinical trial of CAR-T produced and infused in two days or less from gene transfer using Ziopharm s Sleeping Beauty platform Rapid personalized manufacture of CD19-specific CAR-T for investigation in unaddressed patient population with relapsed leukemias and lymphoma after bone marrow transplantation BOSTON, Oct. 01, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Ziopharm Oncology , Inc. ( Ziopharm or the Company ) (Nasdaq:ZIOP), today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has cleared an investigational new drug application (IND) for a phase 1 clinical trial to evaluate CD19-specific CAR-T, produced using a process termed rapid personalized manufacture (RPM), as an investigational treatment for patients with relapsed CD19+ leukemias and lymphomas. The IND clearance builds upon the Company s experience with two prior generations of immunotherapy trials using the Sleeping Beauty platform, which it believes is the most clinically-advanced non-viral approach to the genetic modification of T cells. With this third-generation trial, DNA from the Sleeping Beauty system is stably inserted into the genome of resting T cells to co-express a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR), membrane-bound IL-15 (mbIL15) and a safety switch, which is designed to reduce cost, simplify production, and preserve the therapeutic potential of the T cells. There are currently no effective treatment options for patients who relapse soon after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation (BMT), as evidenced by their low rate of remission and poor long-term survival. This trial expands the range of patients with CD19-expressing malignancies that can be treated using the RPM technology, said Laurence Cooper, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of Ziopharm. We believe RPM is the fastest approach to manufacturing and releasing CD19-specific CAR-T, as T cells from the blood stream are genetically reprogramed with the Sleeping Beauty system and then infused within two days of gene transfer. Existing commercial T-cell products using viral-based manufacturing are costly, time consuming to make and complex to deliver. We are now positioned to not only address those issues, but also to treat a patient group that remains underserved by existing therapies. Up to 24 patients will be enrolled to evaluate infusion of donor-derived RPM CAR-T in patients with CD19+ leukemias and lymphomas who have relapsed after allogeneic BMT. This study will be conducted at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center under an investigator-initiated trial expected to begin later this year. Research reveals three-year survival for adults with CD19+ acute lymphoblastic leukemia after allogeneic BMT ranges from 30% to 65%.1 For patients with other CD19+ cancers, allogeneic BMT can provide a three-year survival rates between 30% to 75%.1 Few patients experience a durable remission who relapse in the months following allogeneic BMT, regardless of the treatment modality, with some having a median survival of only 2 to 3 months.2 About Ziopharm Oncology, Inc. Ziopharm Oncology is an immuno-oncology company focused on developing end-to-end cost-effective solutions using its non-viral Sleeping Beauty platform for TCR and CAR T-cell therapies and immune-stimulating gene therapy with Controlled interleukin 12 (IL-12). The Sleeping Beauty platform genetically modifies T cells with DNA plasmids to express T-cell receptors to target neoantigens inside and outside hotspots for solid tumors and CAR to target CD19 for blood cancers using the Company s rapid personalized manufacturing to produce and release CAR-T within two days of gene transfer. The Sleeping Beauty platform is being advanced in collaboration with the National Cancer Institute, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center and Eden BioCell. The Company also is developing its Controlled IL-12 platform, or Ad-RTS-hIL-12 plus veledimex, as monotherapy and in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors to treat brain cancer, including in collaboration with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals. Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts, and in some cases can be identified by terms such as "may," "will," "could," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," and "believes." These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the progress and timing of the Company's research and development programs, including the anticipated dates for the initiation of its clinical trials and the Company s expectations regarding the number of patients in its clinical trials. Although Ziopharm s management team believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Ziopharm, that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things, changes in our operating plans that may impact our cash expenditures, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, future clinical data and analysis, including whether any of Ziopharm s product candidates will advance further in the preclinical research or clinical trial process, including maintaining clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or equivalent foreign regulatory agencies to conduct clinical trials and whether and when, if at all, they will receive final approval from the U.S. FDA or equivalent foreign regulatory agencies and for which indication; the strength and enforceability of Ziopharm s intellectual property rights; competition from other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies as well as risk factors discussed or identified in the public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission made by Ziopharm, including those risks and uncertainties listed in Ziopharm s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Ziopharm with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We are providing this information as of the date of this press release, and Ziopharm does not undertake any obligation to update or revise the information contained in this press release whether as a result of new information, future events or any other reason. References: 1 D'Souza A, Fretham C. Current Uses and Outcomes of Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT): CIBMTR Summary Slides, 2018. Available at https://www.cibmtr.org 2 Keil F, Prinz E, Kalhs P, et al. Treatment of leukemic relapse after allogeneic stem cell transplantation with cytotoreductive chemotherapy and/or immunotherapy or second transplants. Leukemia 2001; 15:355-361.

FDA Approves Agile Therapeutics, Inc. s Twirla (levonorgestrel and ethinyl estradiol) Transdermal System A New Weekly Contraceptive Patch Delivering a 30 mcg Daily Dose of Estrogen and 120 mcg Dail Twirla is a new non-daily, non-invasive contraceptive approved in the U.S. PRINCETON, N.J., Feb. 14, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Agile Therapeutics, Inc., (Nasdaq: AGRX) (Agile or the Company), a forward-thinking women s healthcare company, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Twirla (levonorgestrel and ethinyl estradiol) transdermal system. INDICATION AND USAGE TWIRLA is indicated as a method of contraception for use in women of reproductive potential with a BMI < 30 kg/m2 for whom a combined hormonal contraceptive is appropriate. Limitations of Use Consider TWIRLA s reduced effectiveness in women with a BMI > 25 to < 30 kg/m2 before prescribing. TWIRLA is contraindicated in women with a BMI > 30 kg/m2. Please see Important Safety Information for TWIRLA, including BOXED WARNING on Cigarette Smoking and Serious Cardiovascular Events and Contraindication in Women with a BMI > 30 kg/m2, below in About Twirla. Twirla is an important addition to available hormonal contraceptive methods, allowing prescribers to now offer appropriate U.S. women a weekly transdermal option that delivers estrogen levels in line with labeled doses of many commonly prescribed oral contraceptives, said Dr. David Portman, a primary investigator on the SECURE clinical trial. I m pleased that Agile conducted a comprehensive study in a diverse population providing important data to prescribers and to women seeking contraception. It is vital to expand the full range of contraceptive methods and inform the choices that fit an individual s family planning needs and lifestyle. I am excited healthcare providers can now include Twirla among available contraception options. Twirla is designed for weekly application to deliver a 30 mcg daily dose of ethinyl estradiol, a type of estrogen, along with a 120 mcg daily dose of levonorgestrel, a well-known progestin with a long history in the category. The newly approved patch can be worn on the abdomen, buttock, or upper torso (excluding the breasts). The FDA s approval of Twirla will enable us to deliver on our short-term goal of establishing Agile in the contraceptive prescription market and working towards our longer-term mission to broaden our women s health portfolio, including in areas of unmet need. We are grateful to the clinical trial patients, researchers, healthcare providers, and advocates, whose contributions helped us secure the approval of a new transdermal contraceptive option that may serve the contraceptive needs and preferences of many women, said Al Altomari, chairman and chief executive officer, Agile Therapeutics. "We are proud to offer this new option and look forward to bringing Twirla to women and their healthcare providers. As part of Twirla s approval, the FDA is requiring Agile to conduct a long-term prospective, observational post-marketing study comparing the risks for venous thromboembolism (VTE) and arterial thromboembolism (ATE) in new users of Twirla to new users of other combined hormonal contraceptives (CHC). The FDA s requirement for Twirla is similar to another post-marketing study requirement for a recently approved CHC. The final study report for the Twirla study is scheduled to be submitted to the FDA in November 2032, with interim safety data reporting to the FDA due in November 2026. Agile has also agreed to a post-marketing commitment (PMC) study to assess the residual drug content and strength of Twirla in a minimum of 25 women, which will analyze the Twirla ethinyl estradiol and levonorgestrel content after the prescribed wear and will monitor adhesion. The PMC is similar to residual drug studies requested of patch developers in the FDA s November 2019 draft guidance entitled Transdermal and Topical Delivery Systems Product Development and Quality Considerations. The Company plans to begin designing the post-approval studies and evaluating related costs during the first half of 2020. With the approval of Twirla, Agile will accelerate its commercial activities. In the first quarter of 2020, Agile plans to initiate work with managed care and patient payors to gain market access for Twirla. Beginning in the second quarter of 2020, the Company plans to hire and train an initial sales team. In parallel with these activities, Agile plans to complete the validation of its commercial manufacturing process and expects to ship initial product to wholesalers in the fourth quarter of 2020. The Company believes that the potential new CHC users who have a BMI <30 kg/m2 represent a significant population of women. Based on the Company s market research, analysis of the current and expected future U.S. contraceptive market, and review of other product launches in the category, the Company estimates that Twirla can potentially achieve a peak market share of 5-8%. As the Company prepares for the commercialization of Twirla, it will continue to analyze the contraceptive market and update its market research as it evaluates the commercial opportunity for Twirla. About Twirla IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION WARNING: CIGARETTE SMOKING AND SERIOUS CARDIOVASCULAR EVENTS and CONTRAINDICATED IN WOMEN WITH A BMI 30 KG/M2 Cigarette Smoking and Serious Cardiovascular Events Cigarette smoking increases the risk of serious cardiovascular events from combined hormonal contraceptive (CHC) use. This risk increases with age, particularly in women over 35 years of age, and with the number of cigarettes smoked. For this reason, CHCs, including TWIRLA, are contraindicated in women who are over 35 years of age and smoke. Contraindicated in Women with a BMI 30 kg/m2 TWIRLA is contraindicated in women with a BMI 30 kg/m2. Compared to women with a lower BMI, women with a BMI 30 kg/m2 had reduced effectiveness and may have a higher risk for venous thromboembolism events (VTEs). CONTRAINDICATIONS TWIRLA is contraindicated and should not be used in women with a high risk of arterial or venous thrombotic disease, including women with a BMI 30 kg/m2; have headaches with focal neurological symptoms, migraine with aura, women over 35 years of age with any migraine headache; liver tumors, acute viral hepatitis, or severe (decompensated) cirrhosis, or liver disease; undiagnosed abnormal uterine bleeding; pregnancy; current or history of breast cancer or other estrogen- or progestin-sensitive cancer; hypersensitivity to any components of TWIRLA; and use of Hepatitis C drug combinations containing ombitasvir/paraparesis/ritonavir with or without dasabuvir. WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Thromboembolic Disorders and Other Vascular Conditions- Women are at increased risk for a venous thromboembolic event (VTE) when using TWIRLA Stop TWIRLA if an arterial or venous thrombotic/thromboembolic event occurs Stop TWIRLA if there is unexplained loss of vision, proptosis, diplopia, papilledema, or retinal vascular lesions. Evaluate for retinal vein thrombosis immediately Discontinue TWIRLA during prolonged immobilization and, if feasible, stop TWIRLA at least 4 weeks before and through 2 weeks after major surgery Start TWIRLA no earlier than four weeks after delivery in women who are not breast-feeding Before starting TWIRLA, evaluate any past medical history or family history of thromboembolism or thromboembolic disorders and consider whether history suggests inherited or acquired hypercoagulopathy Women are at increased risk for a venous thromboembolic event (VTE) when using TWIRLA Arterial Events- CHCs increase the risk of cardiovascular events and cerebrovascular events, such as myocardial infarction and stroke, particularly among older women (> 35 years of age), smokers, and women with hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes, or obesity. Liver Disease- Discontinue TWIRLA if jaundice develops Discontinue TWIRLA if jaundice develops Risk of Liver Enzyme Elevations with Concomitant Hepatitis C Treatment- Discontinue TWIRLA prior to starting therapy with the combination drug regimen ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir, with or without dasabuvir. TWIRLA can be restarted approximately 2 weeks following completion of treatment with the Hepatitis C combination drug regimen. Hypertension- Monitor blood pressure at routine visits and stop TWIRLA if blood pressure rises significantly. An increase in blood pressure has been reported in women using CHCs, and this increase is more likely in older women with extended duration of use. Monitor blood pressure at routine visits and stop TWIRLA if blood pressure rises significantly. An increase in blood pressure has been reported in women using CHCs, and this increase is more likely in older women with extended duration of use. Gallbladder Disease- Studies suggest CHCs increase risk of developing gallbladder disease and may also worsen existing gallbladder disease. Studies suggest CHCs increase risk of developing gallbladder disease and may also worsen existing gallbladder disease. Adverse Carbohydrate and Lipid Metabolic Effects- TWIRLA may decrease glucose tolerance. Carefully monitor prediabetic and diabetic women who are using TWIRLA. Consider alternative contraception for women with uncontrolled dyslipidemia. TWIRLA may cause adverse lipid changes. Women with hypertriglyceridemia, or a family history thereof, may have an increase in serum triglyceride concentrations when using TWIRLA, which may increase the risk of pancreatitis. Headache- If a woman using TWIRLA develops new headaches that are recurrent, persistent, or severe, evaluate the cause and discontinue TWIRLA if indicated. Consider discontinuation of TWIRLA if there is any increased frequency or severity of migraines during CHC use (which may be prodromal of a cerebrovascular event). If a woman using TWIRLA develops new headaches that are recurrent, persistent, or severe, evaluate the cause and discontinue TWIRLA if indicated. Consider discontinuation of TWIRLA if there is any increased frequency or severity of migraines during CHC use (which may be prodromal of a cerebrovascular event). Bleeding Irregularities and Amenorrhea- Women using TWIRLA may experience unscheduled bleeding, especially during the first three months of use, or experience absence of scheduled bleeding. If bleeding persists or occurs after previously regular cycles on TWIRLA, or if scheduled bleeding does not occur, evaluate for causes such as pregnancy or, in the case of unscheduled bleeding, malignancy. Other Warnings and Precautions- Other warnings and precautions include, depression, cervical cancer, increased serum concentrations of binding globulins, hereditary angioedema, and chloasma. ADVERSE REACTIONS The following serious adverse reactions occurred in <1% of women who received TWIRLA: cholelithiasis, cholecystitis, major depression, suicidal ideation, appendicitis, ectopic pregnancy, pneumonia, and gastroenteritis. A total of four VTEs in TWIRLA-treated patients were identified in the Phase 3 clinical trial. The most common adverse reactions ( 2%) in clinical trials for TWIRLA are application site disorders, nausea, headache, dysmenorrhea, and increased weight. Patients should be counseled that TWIRLA does not protect against HIV infection (AIDS) and other sexually transmitted infections (STIs). DRUG INTERACTIONS Drugs or herbal products that induce certain enzymes, including CYP3A4, may decrease the effectiveness of TWIRLA or increase breakthrough bleeding. Counsel patients to use a back-up or alternative method of contraception when enzyme inducers are used with TWIRLA. INDICATIONS AND USAGE TWIRLA is indicated as a method of contraception for use in women of reproductive potential with a BMI < 30 kg/m2 for whom a combined hormonal contraceptive is appropriate. Limitations of Use: Consider TWIRLA s reduced effectiveness in women with a BMI 25 to < 30 kg/m2 before prescribing TWIRLA. TWIRLA is contraindicated in women with a BMI 30 kg/m2. This is not a comprehensive list of safety information related to TWIRLA. Please See Full Prescribing Information , including BOXED WARNING. To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, call 1-855-888-2467 or report via the FDA MedWatch Program at www.fda.gov/medwatch or 1-800-FDA-1088. About Agile Therapeutics, Inc. Agile Therapeutics is a forward-thinking women's healthcare company dedicated to fulfilling the unmet health needs of today s women. Twirla and our product candidates are designed to provide women with contraceptive options that offer freedom from taking a daily pill, without committing to a longer-acting method. Twirla and our pipeline products are based on our proprietary transdermal patch technology, called Skinfusion , which is designed to allow drug delivery through the skin. For more information, please visit the company website at www.agiletherapeutics.com . The Company may occasionally disseminate material, nonpublic information on the Company s website. Follow Agile on Linked In and Twitter: @AgileTher . Forward-Looking Statement Certain information contained in this press release includes forward-looking statements , within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, related to our regulatory submissions for Twirla. We may, in some cases use terms such as predicts, believes, potential, continue, anticipates, estimates, expects, plans, intends, may, could, might, likely, will, should or other words that convey uncertainty of the future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of our management team that involve risks, potential changes in circumstances, assumptions, and uncertainties, including statements regarding the market availability of Twirla. Any or all of the forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong or be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties including risks related to our ability maintain regulatory approval of Twirla, our ability along with our third-party manufacturer, Corium, to complete successfully the scale-up of the commercial manufacturing process for Twirla, including the qualification and validation of equipment related to the expansion of Corium's manufacturing facility, the performance and financial condition of Corium or any of the suppliers to our third-party manufacturer, the ability of Corium to produce commercial supply in quantities and quality sufficient to satisfy market demand for Twirla, our ability to successfully commercialize Twirla, the successful development of our sales and marketing capabilities, the accuracy of our estimates of the potential market for Twirla, regulatory and legislative developments in the United States and foreign countries, our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for Twirla, our strategy, business plans and focus, and the other risks set forth in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. For all these reasons, actual results and developments could be materially different from those expressed in or implied by our forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are made only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. SOURCE: Agile Therapeutics, Inc. Investor Relations -- 609-683-1880